


handle | BrE ˈhand(ə)l, AmE ˈhændl | A. noun ① (of door, drawer, suitcase) 把手 bǎshou 
▸ to hold or take sth by the handle 抓着某物的把手 
▸ to turn a handle 旋转把手 ② (of tool, knife, cup) 柄 bǐng 
▸ to start a car on or with the handle 摇手柄发动汽车 
▸ to fly off the handle figurative informal 大发雷霆 ③ figurative (hold) 理解 lǐjiě 
▸ to get a handle on sb/sth 弄懂某人/某事的意思 
▸ to give sb a handle (on sth) 使某人弄懂（某事） 
▸ to use sth as a handle (against sb) 利用某事物作为（反对某人的）手段 ④ informal (name) 称呼 chēnghu ⑤ informal (title) 头衔 tóuxián 
▸ to have a handle to one's name 名字前冠有头衔 B. transitive verb ① (touch) 碰 pèng 
▸ ‘handle with care’ (on delivery) “小心搬运” 
▸ to handle the ball (in football) 以手触球 ② (treat) 对待 duìdài 
▸ to handle sb/sth roughly/gently 粗暴/温和地对待某人/某事物 ③ (manage) 管理 guǎnlǐ ‹person, animal›④ (cope with) 应付 yìngfù ‹situation, pressure›
▸ to handle the crisis/pace 处理危机/控制速度 
▸ this car handles bends well 这辆车转弯很灵活 
▸ to handle sb with tact 有技巧地应对某人 
▸ can you handle another drink? informal 你还能再喝一杯吗？ 
▸ to be too hot to handle figurative «situation» 太棘手，不好处理 ⑤ (take care of) 负责 fùzé ‹business, work›⑥ (process) 处理 chǔlǐ ‹goods, procedures›
▸ the subway network handles over a million passengers a day 地铁网每天可运送上百万名乘客 ⑦ (buy or sell) 经营 jīngyíng 
▸ to handle imports 经营进口商品 
▸ to handle stolen goods 收受赃物 ⑧ (operate) 操纵 cāozòng ‹vehicle, aircraft›
▸ to handle the car/gun with great skill 娴熟地驾驶汽车/使用枪支 ⑨ Art, Literature, Music 涉及 shèjí ‹subject, composition›
▸ to handle all aspects of the subject 论及这个问题的各个方面 C. intransitive verb 
▸ Motor Vehicles to handle well/badly 容易/难以驾驶 róngyì/nányǐ jiàshǐ 



夯 hāng ①名 砸实地基的工具。打夯 | 蛤蟆夯 ②动 用夯砸。夯地基 另见 bèn。



happen | BrE ˈhap(ə)n, AmE ˈhæpən | intransitive verb ① (occur) 发生 fāshēng 
▸ it had to or was bound to happen 这件事原本就是要发生的 
▸ whatever happens 无论发生什么事 
▸ success doesn't just happen! 成功不是偶然的！ 
▸ a person who makes things happen 可以成事之人 
▸ these things happen informal 这种事在所难免 
▸ what's happening? slang 谁来了？ ② (result) 产生结果 chǎnshēng jiéguǒ 
▸ what happens if …? 如果…会怎样？ 
▸ the reforms never happened 改革没有实行 ③ (chance) 碰巧 pèngqiǎo 
▸ to happen to do sth;
 碰巧做某事 
▸ it happens that …;
 碰巧… 
▸ as it happens, I can speak French 我正好会说法语 ④ (used indignantly) [表示愤怒或异议]
▸ he just so happens to be the best … 他偏偏是最优秀的… 
▸ sorry, but I happen to disagree 恕我不敢苟同 PHRASAL VERBS happen on transitive verb [happen on sth] dated 偶然发现 ǒurán fāxiàn 
▸ I happened on a restaurant 我碰巧来到一家餐馆 happen to transitive verb [happen to sb/sth] ① (befall) 使遭遇 shǐ zāoyù 
▸ death is something that happens to us all 我们每个人都会死的 ② (become of) 发生于 fāshēng yú 
▸ what happened to all those promises? 那些承诺都怎么样了？ ③ (come to harm) 伤害 shānghài 
▸ I hope nothing happens to her 我希望她不要出什么事 happen upon transitive verb dated = happen on



harm | BrE hɑːm, AmE hɑrm | A. noun uncountable 损害 sǔnhài 
▸ to do or cause harm 伤害 shānghài 
▸ to come to harm;
 受损害 
▸ to do harm to sb/sth, to do sb/sth harm;
 对某人/某事物有害 
▸ to mean harm to sb, to mean sb harm;
 有意伤害某人 
▸ I didn't mean him any harm 我对他并无恶意 
▸ there is no harm in doing that;
 做那事没什么坏处 
▸ it would do no harm to do sth (there's nothing to lose) 不妨做某事 (it would be a good idea) 做某事也不错 
▸ some hard work wouldn't do him any harm ironic 他干点儿重活不会累坏的 
▸ out of harm's way 在安全的地方 
▸ to do more harm than good 害多益少 
▸ where's the harm in it? 这有什么坏处？ 
▸ no harm done! 没事！ B. transitive verb ① (injure) 伤害 shānghài ‹person›;
 损坏 sǔnhuài ‹object›;
 危害 wēihài ‹crop›
▸ he wouldn't harm a fly! 他连只苍蝇都不会伤害！ ② (affect adversely) 损害 sǔnhài ‹reputation, economy›



hatch1 | BrE hatʃ, AmE hætʃ | A. noun ① Nautical, Aviation 舱口 cāngkǒu 
▸ under hatches Nautical 在甲板下 
▸ batten down the hatches Nautical 封住舱口 figurative 作好应对危机的准备 zuòhǎo yìngduì wēijī de zhǔnbèi 
▸ down the hatch figurative informal 干杯 ② (in house) 开口 kāikǒu 
▸ a dining hatch in the kitchen wall 厨房墙上传递菜肴的小窗口 ③ (brood) 一窝 yī wō 
▸ a hatch of young birds 一窝小鸟 B. transitive verb ① literal 孵 fū ‹eggs›→ chicken A1② figurative (conspire to devise) 策划 cèhuà ‹plot›



hate | BrE heɪt, AmE heɪt | A. transitive verb ① (detest) 憎恶 zēngwù ;
 (intensely) 恨 hèn 
▸ to hate sb for sth/for doing sth;
 因某事物而恨某人/因某人做某事而恨某人 
▸ they hate each other 他们相互仇视 ② (not enjoy) 讨厌 tǎoyàn 
▸ to hate doing or to do sth 讨厌做某事 
▸ I hate it when people complain 我厌烦别人抱怨 
▸ I hate to see her cry 我不喜欢看到她哭 
▸ to hate sb to do sth;
 不愿某人做某事 ③ (regret) 不愿 bùyuàn 
▸ I hate to interrupt you, but … 抱歉打断你一下，… 
▸ I hate (having) to say it but … 我不想提这事，但是… B. noun ① uncountable (dislike) 憎恶 zēngwù ;
 (intense) 仇恨 chóuhèn ② countable informal (person) 所憎恶的人 suǒ zēngwù de rén ;
 (thing) 所憎恶的事 suǒ zēngwù de shì 
▸ cooking is my pet hate 我特别厌恶做饭 



have | BrE hav, AmE hæv,həv,(ə)v | A. transitive verb 3rd person singular present has past tense, past participle had ① 
▸ (possess, own) have (got);
 有 
▸ have you (got) a pen? 你有钢笔吗？ 
▸ I have no doubts that he's guilty 我毫不怀疑他有罪 
▸ she has (got) black hair 她一头黑发 
▸ I've nothing against sport 我不讨厌体育运动 
▸ to have had it informal (be in bad condition) 情形很糟 (be in trouble) 惹上麻烦了 rěshang máfan le (be unlikely to survive) 没法幸免了 méifǎ xìngmiǎn le 
▸ this car/TV has had it 这辆汽车/这台电视机修不好了 
▸ when your father finds out, you've had it! 等你爸爸知道了，有你好受的！ 
▸ oh Lord, we've had it now! 天哪，我们这下完蛋了！ 
▸ to have had it (up to here) (with sb/sth) informal 受够了（某人/某物） 
▸ I've had it up to here with my job 我的工作没法干下去了 
▸ to have (got) sb/sth to oneself 独占某人/某物 
▸ to have (got) it in for sb informal 跟某人过不去 
▸ I've got it! 我明白了！ 
▸ to have it off or away (with sb) British slang （与某人）性交 
▸ and what have you informal 诸如此类 
▸ to have (got) it in one (to do sth) informal 有能力（做某事） 
▸ she doesn't have it in her to be nasty 她凶不起来 
▸ and the ayes/noes have it 投赞成票/反对票的赢了 ② 
▸ (consist of) have (got);
 由…组成 yóu… zǔchéng 
▸ in 1999 the party had 10,000 members 该党在1999年时拥有10,000名党员 ③ 
▸ (be able to make use of sth available) have (got);
 «person, organization» 能利用 néng lìyòng ‹time, money›
▸ we had no alternative 我们别无选择 wǒmen bié wúxuǎnzé 
▸ he hasn't (got) long to live 他活不长了 tā huóbucháng le ④ 
▸ (know) have (got);
 通晓 tōngxiǎo 
▸ he has good French but only a little Spanish 他的法语很好，但只懂一点儿西班牙语 ⑤ 
▸ (need to do) have (got);
 有必要 yǒu bìyào 
▸ to have (got) sth to do;
 有某事要做 yǒu mǒu shì yào zuò 
▸ I have or informal I've got letters to write 我有几封信要写 wǒ yǒu jǐ fēng xìn yào xiě 
▸ I have (got) an essay for tomorrow 我明天要交一篇短文 ⑥ 
▸ (be with) have (got);
 同…在一起 tóng… zài yīqǐ 
▸ he had a friend with him 他和一位朋友在一起 ⑦ (receive, obtain) 得到 dédào ;
 (accept) 接受 jiēshòu 
▸ you can have it if you want it 你如果想要就拿去吧 
▸ I've had no news from him 我没有得到他的消息 
▸ to have it (from sb) that … 听（某人）说… 
▸ these are the best skates to be had 这种冰鞋是市场上最好的 
▸ I'll have tea please 我点茶 
▸ will you have this woman to be your wife? 你想娶这位女子为妻吗？ ⑧ (perform, do) 做 zuò 
▸ to have a walk/dream/read 散步/做梦/阅读 
▸ have a look at this one! 看看这个！ ⑨ (exhibit quality, emotion) 表现出 biǎoxiàn chū ‹temerity, courtesy, mercy›
▸ they have a lot of courage 他们很勇敢 
▸ she had the good sense to refuse 她很明智地拒绝了 
▸ I had pity on them 我可怜他们 ⑩ (produce) 产生 chǎnshēng ‹influence, result›
▸ the colour green has a restful effect 绿色使人感到宁静 ⑪ (organize, hold) 举办 jǔbàn ‹party, exhibition›;
 召集 zhàojí ‹meeting›;
 进行 jìnxíng ‹conversation, talks, enquiry, interview›⑫ 
▸ (be responsible for) have (got);
 担负 dānfù ‹duties›
▸ he has the job of cutting the hedge 他的工作是修剪树篱 
▸ she has overall direction of the project 她负责这个项目的总体指导 ⑬ (consume) 吃 chī ‹food›;
 喝 hē ‹drink›;
 吸 xī ‹cigarette›⑭ 
▸ (suffer from) have (got);
 患 huàn 
▸ to have (a) toothache 牙痛 yá tòng 
▸ to have measles/a cold 患麻疹/感冒 huàn mázhěn/gǎnmào ⑮ (experience) 经受 jīngshòu ‹shock, heart attack›;
 接受 jiēshòu ‹operation, checkup›
▸ he had a crash in his new car 他开新车出了车祸 
▸ to have a boring day 度过乏味的一天 
▸ have a nice day! 祝你度过愉快的一天！ 
▸ a good time was had by all 大家都过得很愉快 
▸ to have sth done;
 遭受某事 
▸ he had his car/watch stolen 他的汽车/手表被偷了 
▸ I've (got) a pupil coming in 10 minutes 我约了个学生10分钟以后来 
▸ have you got or do you have a cold coming on? 你是不是要感冒了？ ⑯ (accept into home) 接 jiē 
▸ we're having the kids for the weekend 我们这个周末要接孩子们回家 
▸ we've (got) students living in the house 我们家里有寄住学生 ⑰ (entertain) 在家招待 zàijiā zhāodài 
▸ we had some friends to dinner last night 我们昨晚请了一些朋友来家里吃晚饭 ⑱ (cause or tell) 使 shǐ 
▸ to have sb do sth;
 让某人做某事 
▸ she's always having the builders in to do something or other 她总是让建筑工人来家里做这做那 
▸ the court had him pay the full costs 法庭判他支付全部费用 
▸ we'll soon have everything ready 我们很快就会把一切准备就绪的 
▸ to have sth done;
 让他人为自己做某事 
▸ to have one's hair cut 去理发 
▸ they like to have stories read to them 他们喜欢听别人给他们读故事 
▸ to have sb/sth doing sth;
 使某人/某物做某事 
▸ he had his audience listening attentively 他抓住了听众的注意力 
▸ as luck/chance would have it 幸运/碰巧的是 
▸ rumour has it that … 据传… ⑲ (allow) 容忍 róngrěn 
▸ I won't have this kind of behaviour! 我不会容忍这种行为的！ 
▸ we can't have them staying in a hotel 我们不能让他们住在旅馆里 
▸ he won't have it that … 他拒绝接受… ⑳ 
▸ (hold) have (got);
 拿着 názhe 
▸ she had the glass in her hand 她手里拿着玻璃杯 
▸ she had him by the throat/by the arm 她卡住了他的喉咙/抓住了他的胳膊 ㉑ 
▸ (put, keep in a position) have (got);
 保持 bǎochí 
▸ he had (got) his back to me 他背对着我 tā bèi duìzhe wǒ 
▸ she had (got) her hands over her eyes 她用手捂着双眼 tā yòng shǒu wǔzhe shuāng yǎn ㉒ (be dealing with) 处理 chǔlǐ 
▸ what we have here is a small group of extremists 我们要对付的是一小撮极端分子 
▸ over here, we have a painting by Picasso 这边是毕加索的一幅画 ㉓ (become parent of) 生育 shēngyù ‹child, offspring›
▸ she's having a baby (in May) 她（五月份）要生孩子了 
▸ our cat has had kittens 我们的猫生小猫了 ㉔ 
▸ have (got) informal (enjoy complete power over) 胜过 (baffle) 使迷惑不解 shǐ míhuò bùjiě 
▸ I have (got) him now 我把他制服了 
▸ to have (got) sb where you want them 完全控制住某人 
▸ I'll have you! 我会收拾你的！ 
▸ you have or informal you've got me there! 你把我问住了！ ㉕ informal (trick) 欺骗 qīpiàn 
▸ I'm afraid you've been had! 恐怕你上当了！ ㉖ vulgar slang (have sex with) 和…上床 hé… shàngchuáng B. modal verb 3rd person singular present has past tense, past participle had ① (must) 必须 bìxū ;
 (be obliged to) 不得不 bùdébù ;
 (giving advice, recommendation) 得 děi [用于提出劝告或建议]
▸ to have (got) to do sth;
 不得不做某事 
▸ you don't have to or you haven't got to leave so early 你不必这么早离开 
▸ I have to admit, the idea of marriage scares me 我得承认，一想到结婚我就害怕 
▸ to have (got) to do sth (mainly British) 得做某事 
▸ you simply have to get a new job 你就是得找份新工作 ② (expressing certainty, inevitability) 必定 bìdìng 
▸ to have (got) to do sth (mainly British) 必定做某事 
▸ there has to be a reason for his strange behaviour 他的古怪行为一定事出有因 ③ (expressing exasperation) 非得 fēiděi 
▸ to have to do sth;
 非得做某事 
▸ just tonight the bus had to be early 偏偏今晚公共汽车非得早开 
▸ why in the world did this have to happen? 为什么就非得出这事呢？ C. auxiliary verb 3rd person singular present has past tense, past participle had ① (in perfect tenses) [用于完成时]
▸ she has lost her bag 她把包丢了 
▸ I've never been to Greece 我从来没去过希腊 
▸ to have done with sth (mainly British) 结束某事 [指不愉快的事]
▸ let's have done with this silly argument! 我们停止这种无聊的争吵吧！ ② (in conditional clauses) [用于条件句]
▸ if I had known 如果我早知道的话 
▸ had I taken the train, this would never have happened 如果我坐了火车，这事绝对不会发生 D. having auxiliary verb ① (after) [与过去分词连用，表示主要动词之前的动作]
▸ having finished his breakfast, he went out 他吃完早饭就出去了 ② (because, since) [与过去分词连用，表示原因]
▸ I was cautious, having been deceived before 由于以前受过骗，我很谨慎 ③ (although) [与过去分词连用，表示让步]
▸ having said that, I still think he's the best person for the job 虽然话是那么说，我仍然认为他是这个工作的最佳人选 PHRASAL VERBS have back A. [have sth back, have back sth] transitive verb 收回 shōuhuí 
▸ can we have our ball back? 把球还给我们好吗？ B. [have sb back] transitive verb ① (allow to return) 重新接纳 chóngxīn jiēnà 
▸ she won't have him back 她不肯与他重修旧好 ② (invite in return) 回请 huíqǐng have down transitive verb [have sb down] ① (from north) 邀请…南下 yāoqǐng… nánxià 
▸ we had the in-laws down from Scotland for the weekend 这个周末我们请众位姻亲从苏格兰南下做客 ② (from larger place) 邀请…来小地方 yāoqǐng… lái xiǎo dìfang 
▸ we had friends down from London last week 上星期我们邀请伦敦的朋友到舍下小聚 have on: A. transitive verb (also have got on) ① [have sth on, have on sth] (be wearing) 穿着 chuānzhe 
▸ to have nothing on 光着身子 ② [have sth on] (be using) 开着 kāizhe ‹radio, light, heating, engine, music›③ [have sth on] (have arranged to do) 安排做 ānpái zuò B. [have sb on] transitive verb British informal (tease) 哄骗 hǒngpiàn 
▸ it's not true: he's only having you on 那不是真的，他只是在哄你 have out transitive verb [have sth out] ① (cause to be removed) 拔掉 bádiào ‹tooth›;
 切除 qiēchú ‹appendix›② (settle) 把…讲个明白 bǎ… jiǎng gè míngbai 
▸ to have sth out with sb;
 与某人把某事说明白 
▸ we'd better have the matter out 我们最好把这件事说清楚 have over transitive verb [have sb over] 请…来家里 qǐng… lái jiā li 
▸ we had them over yesterday evening 我们昨天晚上请他们来家里了 have round transitive verb British = have overhave up transitive verb [have sb up] British informal 使出庭受审 shǐ chūtíng shòushěn 
▸ to be had up for sth;
 因某事出庭受审 
▸ he was had up for dangerous driving 他因危险驾驶被送上法庭 



heal | BrE hiːl, AmE hil | A. transitive verb ① literal 治愈 zhìyù ‹person, injury, wound›② figurative (alleviate) 减轻 jiǎnqīng ‹suffering, pain›
▸ time heals all sorrows 时间会抚平所有的伤痛 ③ figurative (make right) 纠正 jiūzhèng 
▸ to heal a breach or rift 弥合裂痕 B. intransitive verb «wound, cut» 愈合 yùhé ;
 «rash» 痊愈 quányù PHRASAL VERBS heal over intransitive verb 痊愈 quányù heal up intransitive verb = heal B



hear | BrE hɪə, AmE hɪr | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle heard | hɜːd | ① (perceive with ears) 听到 tīngdào 
▸ can you hear me? 你能听到我说话吗？ 
▸ to hear sb/sth do or doing sth;
 听到某人/某物在做某事 
▸ he was heard to boast 有人听到他吹牛 
▸ to hear sth done;
 听到有人做某事 
▸ the first time I heard the violin played 我第一次听到小提琴演奏 
▸ to hear him talk, you'd think (that) … 听他讲话，你会以为… 
▸ we'll never hear the end of it 这事没完没了 
▸ to hear the end or last of sb/sth 最后一次听到关于某人/某事物的消息 
▸ to make oneself or one's voice heard literal 大声说话 figurative 发表见解 fābiǎo jiànjiě 
▸ I can't hear myself think 我都给吵昏头了 
▸ let's hear it for … informal 让我们为…鼓掌 ② (find out about) 听说 tīngshuō ‹news›
▸ to hear the results 得知成绩 
▸ to hear (it said) (that) …;
 听说… 
▸ so I hear 我听说了 
▸ I've heard it all before 这话我听得多了 
▸ I've heard that one before! (heard that excuse) 别蒙我了！ 
▸ to hear tell (of sth) formal 听说（某事物） ③ (listen to) 听 tīng ‹lecture, music›
▸ to hear sb do sth;
 听某人做某事 
▸ to hear what sb has to say 听某人要说的话 
▸ do you hear (me)? 听清楚没有？ ④ Law 审理 shěnlǐ ‹case›;
 听取 tīngqǔ ‹plea, testimony›;
 听取…陈述 tīngqǔ… chénshù ‹defendant›
▸ to hear the evidence 听证 ⑤ formal (grant) «God, king» 倾听并接受 qīngtīng bìng jiēshòu ‹prayer, plea›
▸ hear my prayer 请倾听并接受我的祈求 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle heard 听见 tīngjiàn 
▸ I can't or don't hear very well 我耳背 C. exclamation 
▸ hear! hear! 是啊！是啊！ shì ɑ ！ shì ɑ ！ [表示同意某人所说的话] PHRASAL VERBS hear from transitive verb [hear from sb] ① (get news from) 得到…的消息 dédào… de xiāoxi 
▸ I look forward to hearing from you (in letter) 盼望收到你的信 
▸ you'll be hearing from me! (threat) 你等着吧！ ② Radio, Television 听…发表观点 tīng… fābiǎo guāndiǎn ‹politician›;
 听…讲述经历 tīng… jiǎngshù jīnglì ‹eyewitness›hear of transitive verb [hear of sb/sth] ① (find out about) 得知 dézhī ‹news, vacancy›
▸ the first/last I heard of him … 我最初/最后一次听到关于他的消息… 
▸ he hasn't been heard of since 此后再也没有关于他的消息 ② (become aware of) 知道 zhīdào 
▸ I've never heard of anything so stupid! 我从未听说过如此荒唐无聊之事！ 
▸ haven't you heard of asking permission? 你不知道要征得同意吗？ ③ (consider) 同意 tóngyì 
▸ I won't hear of it! 我不会允许的！ hear out: transitive verb [hear sb out] 听…说完 tīng… shuōwán 



heave | BrE hiːv, AmE hiv | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle heaved ① (lift) 用力举起 yònglì jǔqǐ ;
 (pull, drag) 用力拉动 yònglì lādòng 
▸ I heaved myself up in bed 我从床上费力地坐起来 ② (throw) 抛 pāo 
▸ to heave a brick through a window 把砖头扔出窗外 ③ (let out, breathe) 发出 fāchū 
▸ to heave a sigh of relief 如释重负地松一口气 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle heaved ① (rise and fall) «chest, sea» 有节奏地起伏 yǒu jiézòu de qǐfú 
▸ on the heaving deck 在颠簸的甲板上 
▸ her shoulders heaved with laughter 她笑得双肩抖动 ② (pull) 用力拉 yònglì lā 
▸ to heave away at sth 用力拉某物 ③ informal (retch) 恶心 ěxin ;
 (vomit) 呕吐 ǒutù 
▸ it made my stomach or me heave 它使我反胃 ④ past tense, past participle hove 
▸ to heave in or into sight or view 进入视野 jìnrù shìyě 
▸ a ship hove in view 一艘船出现了 yī sōu chuán chūxiàn le C. noun ① (effort to pull) 用力拉 yònglì lā ;
 (effort to lift) 用力拿起 yònglì náqǐ ② (mainly literary) (swell of chest, sea) 起伏 qǐfú 
▸ the heave of the ocean 大海的汹涌翻腾 PHRASAL VERB heave to past tense, past participle hove A. transitive verb [heave sth to] 顶风停航 dǐngfēng tíngháng ‹ship›B. intransitive verb «ship» 顶风停航 dǐngfēng tíngháng ;
 «crew» 顶风停船 dǐngfēng tíng chuán 



help | BrE hɛlp, AmE hɛlp | A. transitive verb ① (assist) 帮助 bāngzhù 
▸ to help sb (to) do sth;
 帮助某人做某事 
▸ to help sb with the children/their bag 帮某人照看孩子/拎包 
▸ may I help you? (in shop) 要帮忙吗？ (on phone, at desk) 您有什么事？ 
▸ I can't help you 我帮不上你的忙 ② (financially) 资助 zīzhù 
▸ to help the poor 救济穷人 
▸ to help sb with the mortgage 帮某人偿还按揭款 ③ (in emergency) 救助 jiùzhù 
▸ God/heaven help us/them! informal 我们/他们要靠上帝了！ 
▸ so help me (God) Law 上帝作证 (in anger) 我发誓 [用于表达愤怒情绪或表示说到做到]
▸ God helps those who help themselves proverb 天助自助者 ④ (in moving) 协助 xiézhù 
▸ to help sb up (pull) 拉某人起来 (support) 扶某人起来 
▸ to help sb to their feet 扶某人站起来 
▸ to help sb out of the car/down the steps 扶某人下车/走下台阶 
▸ he helped me in with the bed 他帮我把床搬了进来 ⑤ (improve) 改善 gǎishàn ‹situation, relations›;
 «medicine» 使…好转 shǐ… hǎozhuǎn ‹illness›;
 «medicine» 减轻 jiǎnqīng ‹pain›
▸ he didn't help matters by writing that letter 他写那封信于事无补 ⑥ (contribute) 有助于 yǒuzhù yú 
▸ to help (to) keep prices down «policy» 有助于平抑价格上涨 
▸ to help brighten up the room «carpet» 使房间变得更加漂亮 ⑦ 
▸ (serve) to help sb to sth;
 给某人送上 gěi mǒu rén sòngshang ‹food›
▸ he helped his guests to wine 他为客人们斟酒 tā wèi kèrénmen zhēn jiǔ ⑧ 
▸ (prevent) sb can't help sth 某人控制不住 ‹feelings› 某人忍不住 mǒu rén rěnbuzhù ‹laughing›
▸ I can't help but believe her 我不得不相信她 
▸ I can't help it if … 如果…我也没办法 
▸ it can't be helped 这是没办法的事情 
▸ she can't help being stupid 她总是犯傻 B. intransitive verb ① (assist) 帮忙 bāngmáng 
▸ to help with sth 帮忙做某事 ② (be useful) 有帮助 yǒu bāngzhù 
▸ every little bit helps 点滴皆有用 ③ (give money) 资助 zīzhù 
▸ to help with the expenses 分担费用 ④ (in emergency) 救助 jiùzhù ⑤ (be of benefit) 改善状况 gǎishàn zhuàngkuàng 
▸ doing that won't help 做那事没用 
▸ would it help if I turned the light on? 我打开灯会有用吗？ C. to help oneself reflexive verb ① (serve) 自己取用 zìjǐ qǔyòng 
▸ to help oneself to fruit 自己拿水果吃 zìjǐ ná shuǐguǒ chī 
▸ help yourselves! 请自便！ qǐng zìbiàn ！ 
▸ help yourselves to coffee 喝些咖啡吧 hē xiē kāfēi ba ② informal (steal) 顺手牵羊 shùn shǒu qiān yáng 
▸ to help oneself from the till/to the apples 捞走出纳机里的钱/这些苹果 ③ 
▸ (prevent oneself) I tried not to laugh/cry, but I couldn't help myself 我想忍住不笑/不哭出来，但是忍不住 D. noun ① uncountable and countable (assistance) 帮助 bāngzhù 
▸ with the help of sb;
 在某人的帮助下 
▸ to be a great help to sb 对某人大有帮助 
▸ do you need help? 你需要帮忙吗？ 
▸ to be more of a hindrance than a help 成事不足，败事有余 ② uncountable (aid, support) 援助 yuánzhù 
▸ to seek financial/medical help 寻求经济/医疗援助 
▸ to get help with housing/food 获得住房/食物补助 ③ uncountable (in emergency) 救助 jiùzhù 
▸ to come/go to sb's help 来/去救助某人 
▸ to shout or cry for help 呼救 
▸ to be beyond or past (all) help «person» 无药可救 ④ uncountable and countable (use) 用处 yòngchu 
▸ to be of help (to sb);
 «money, advice» （对某人）有用 
▸ with the help of sth;
 借助 ‹stick, atlas›
▸ the map isn't much help 这张地图用处不大 
▸ it's a help having two cars 有两辆车很方便 
▸ there's no help for it (mainly British) 没法子了 ⑤ countable (helper) 帮手 bāngshou 
▸ he's a big help 他是个大帮手 
▸ you're a great help! ironic 你可真够帮忙的！ ⑥ Help uncountable Computing 帮助文档 bāngzhù wéndàng E. exclamation ① (calling for aid) 救命 jiùmìng 
▸ help! I'm drowning! 救命！我快淹死了！ 
▸ help! I'm stuck! 救命！我被卡住了！ ② (expressing dismay) 糟糕 zāogāo 
▸ help! I've spilt the wine 糟糕！我把葡萄酒弄洒了 PHRASAL VERBS help along transitive verb [help sb/sth along] ① (assist in moving) 搀扶…向前走 chānfú… xiàng qián zǒu ‹person›;
 «tide, push» 推动 tuīdòng ‹car, ball›
▸ the wind helped the boat along 风吹动小船前行 ② (facilitate) 促进 cùjìn ‹project, negotiations›help out A. intransitive verb ① (assist) 帮忙做 bāngmáng zuò 
▸ to help out with sth;
 帮忙做某事 
▸ to help out with the housework 帮忙做家务 ② (financially) 资助 zīzhù 
▸ to help out with the mortgage 帮忙偿还按揭款 ③ (in crisis) 帮忙摆脱困境 bāngmáng bǎituō kùnjìng 
▸ she's always there to help out 她总是急人之难 B. transitive verb [help sb out] ① (assist) 帮助 bāngzhù 
▸ to help sb out with sth;
 帮助某人做某事 
▸ to help sb out with the gardening 帮某人干园艺活 ② (financially) 资助 zīzhù 
▸ to help sb out with the rent/mortgage 帮某人付房租/抵押贷款 ③ (in emergency) 帮助…摆脱困境 bāngzhù… bǎituō kùnjìng 
▸ to help each other out in times of trouble 在困难时互相帮助 help through transitive verb [help sb through sth] 帮…度过 bāng… dùguò ‹difficult time, divorce›



hew | BrE hjuː, AmE hju | past tense, past participle hewn | hjuːn | or hewed A. transitive verb ① (chop, cut) 砍 kǎn ‹wood›;
 凿 záo ‹stone›;
 采 cǎi ‹coal›
▸ to hew a path through the forest 在森林中辟出一条路来 ② (to make, shape) 砍成 kǎnchéng ;
 figurative (make) 奋斗出 fèndòu chū ‹career, position›
▸ a rough-hewn bench 粗劈成的长凳 
▸ statues hewn from marble 用大理石凿刻成的雕像 B. intransitive verb 
▸ US (to adhere) to hew to sth;
 坚持某事 jiānchí mǒu shì PHRASAL VERB hew out transitive verb [hew sth out, hew out sth] ① 凿成 záochéng ‹monument, statue›② figurative 干出一番 gànchū yī fān ‹career›;
 晋升 jìnshēng ‹position›



hide1 | BrE hʌɪd, AmE haɪd | A. transitive verb past tense hid past participle hidden ① (conceal) 把…藏起来 bǎ… cáng qilai ‹money, book, person›
▸ to hide one's blushes 不让别人看见自己脸红 
▸ to hide one's anger 掩饰愤怒 
▸ a hidden meaning 言外之意 
▸ to hide one's light under a bushel proverb 不露锋芒 ② (keep secret) 掩盖 yǎngài 
▸ to hide a fact from sb 对某人隐瞒事实 
▸ to have nothing to hide 没什么可隐瞒的 ③ (obscure from view) 遮掩 zhēyǎn 
▸ the house was hidden by the trees 房子被树丛遮住了 
▸ the future is hidden from us 对我们来说，未来难以预料 ④ (cover) 遮盖 zhēgài 
▸ she hid her face in his shoulder 她把脸埋在他的肩膀上 B. intransitive verb past tense hid past participle hidden (conceal oneself) 躲藏 duǒcáng ;
 humorous «thing» 隐藏 yǐncáng 
▸ a place to hide 藏身之处 
▸ to hide behind sb/sth literal figurative 藏在某人/某物后面 
▸ to hide from the police 躲开警察 
▸ where are my keys hiding? 我的钥匙放到哪里去了？ C. noun British 藏身处 cángshēnchù PHRASAL VERBS hide away A. transitive verb [hide sth away, hide away sth] 把…藏起来 bǎ… cáng qilai B. intransitive verb 躲藏 duǒcáng hide out British, hide up US intransitive verb 躲藏起来 duǒcáng qilai 
▸ where have you been hiding out since April? humorous 从4月以来你藏哪儿去了？ 



hinder | BrE ˈhɪndə, AmE ˈhɪndər | transitive verb (hamper) 妨碍 fáng'ài ‹person›;
 (delay) 阻挡 zǔdǎng ‹activity, progress›



hiss | BrE hɪs, AmE hɪs | A. transitive verb «audience, group» 对…发嘘声 duì… fā xūshēng ‹actor, public figure, performance›
▸ he was hissed off the stage 他在嘘声中被轰下台 B. noun ① countable (of gas, snake) 嘶嘶声 sīsī shēng ;
 (showing disapproval) 嘘声 xūshēng ② uncountable and countable (on recording) 嘶嘶的摩擦声 sīsī de mócā shēng C. intransitive verb ① (make hissing sound) «gas, snake, cat» 发嘶嘶声 fā sīsī shēng ;
 «audience» 发嘘声 fā xūshēng 
▸ to hiss at sb 朝某人发嘘声 ② (speak in menacing tone) 带嘘声说话 dài xūshēng shuōhuà ;
 (whisper loudly) 大声地耳语 dàshēng de ěryǔ 



hit | BrE hɪt, AmE hɪt | A. transitive verb present participle hitting past tense, past participle hit ① (strike) 击 jī 
▸ to hit the ball out of the court 把球打出场外 
▸ to hit the nail with the hammer 用锤子敲钉子 
▸ to hit sb on the back 拍某人的背 
▸ he didn't know what hit him figurative 他惊得目瞪口呆 
▸ to hit sb (straight or right) between the eyes figurative 对某人来说一目了然 
▸ to hit it off (with sb) figurative informal （与某人）一见如故 → nail A1② (reach target) 击中 jīzhòng ;
 Sport 击中得分 jīzhòng défēn 
▸ to hit the target 命中目标 
▸ to fire and hit sb 开枪打中某人 
▸ to hit a home run 打出本垒打 
▸ to hit sb/sth where it hurts informal 击中某人/某事物的要害 ③ (collide with) 碰撞 pèngzhuàng 
▸ to hit one's head on sth 头碰到某物 
▸ to hit the roof or ceiling figurative informal 勃然大怒 ④ (press) 按 àn ‹button, switch›;
 踩 cǎi ‹brakes›⑤ (attack) 攻击 gōngjī ⑥ figurative (affect adversely) 对…造成不良影响 duì… zàochéng bùliáng yǐngxiǎng 
▸ to be hit by strikes/bad weather 受到罢工打击/恶劣天气的影响 
▸ his death hit me badly 他的死对我打击很大 ⑦ figurative (reach) 到达 dàodá 
▸ to hit town 到镇上来 
▸ to hit the main road 上主干道 
▸ to hit the spot informal 切合需要 
▸ to hit 40° «temperature» 达到40度 
▸ to hit a record high «currency» 创下历史新高 
▸ to hit the high notes 唱高音 
▸ to hit the big time informal 一举成名 ⑧ figurative informal (go out to) 去 qù 
▸ to hit the town/pub 去城里/去酒吧 ⑨ figurative (feature in) «news, story» 是…的重要新闻 shì… de zhòngyào xīnwén ‹papers›
▸ to hit the headlines 上头版头条 ⑩ figurative (encounter) 遇到 yùdào ‹bad weather, problem›
▸ to hit the worst of the rush hour 赶上交通最拥挤的时候 ⑪ figurative informal (become apparent to) 使突然意识到 shǐ tūrán yìshi dào 
▸ it suddenly hit me 我突然记起来 
▸ the full horror hit me 我突然感到非常恐惧 ⑫ figurative informal (raid) 抢劫 qiǎngjié ‹bank, shop›⑬ figurative slang (kill) 行凶杀死 xíngxiōng shāsǐ ;
 (mug) 行凶抢劫 xíngxiōng qiǎngjié B. intransitive verb present participle hitting past tense, past participle hit ① (occur) «tornado» 突然袭来 tūrán xílái ② (attack) «army» 发动进攻 fādòng jìngōng C. noun ① Sport 击 jī 
▸ to give the ball a tremendous hit 大力击球 
▸ to score a hit Sport 击中 jīzhòng figurative informal 一炮打响 yī pào dǎxiǎng ② (strike on target) 击中 jīzhòng 
▸ to take a hit literal 受到损坏 figurative 受到严重影响 shòudào yánzhòng yǐngxiǎng ③ (popular person) 受欢迎的人 shòu huānyíng de rén ;
 (popular song) 流行歌曲 liúxíng gēqǔ 
▸ to be a big or smash hit «show» 风靡一时 «record» 十分畅销 shífēn chàng xiāo 
▸ to be a (big) hit with sb informal （极）受某人喜爱 before noun 畅销的 chàngxiāo de ‹song, record›;
 风靡一时的 fēngmǐ yīshí de ‹film, series›④ slang (dose) [毒品的] 一剂 yī jì ⑤ slang (murder) 谋杀 móushā ⑥ Computing (visit to a website) 点击 diǎnjī ;
 (in search results) 搜索结果 sōusuǒ jiéguǒ 
▸ to get 10,000 hits a day 日访问量1万次 PHRASAL VERBS hit back: A. transitive verb ① [hit sb back] (strike in return) 回击 huíjī ② [hit sth back, hit back sth] Sport 把…击回 bǎ… jīhuí ‹ball, shot›B. intransitive verb to hit back at ① (strike, criticize) 反击某人/某事物 fǎnjī mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù ② (retaliate) 报复某人/某事物 bàofù mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù hit out: intransitive verb 
▸ to hit out at sb/sth;
 literal 猛打某人/某物 figurative 猛烈抨击某人/某事物 měngliè pēngjī mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù 
▸ to hit out in all directions 朝四面八方乱打一气 hit on: transitive verb ① [hit on sth] (think of) 突然想到 tūrán xiǎngdào ‹idea, solution›
▸ she hit on the perfect title 她灵机一动，想到了这个理想的标题 ② [hit on sth] (find) 偶然找到 ǒurán zhǎodào ‹gift›③ [hit on sb] (mainly US) informal (chat up) 挑逗 tiǎodòu hit upon transitive verb = hit on 1, 2



hoax | BrE həʊks, AmE hoʊks | A. noun ① (practical joke) 恶作剧 èzuòjù 
▸ to play hoaxes on sb 戏弄某人 ② (deception) 骗局 piànjú B. transitive verb ① (joke) 戏弄 xìnòng 
▸ to hoax sb into doing sth;
 哄骗某人做某事 ② (deceive) 欺骗 qīpiàn 



hold | BrE həʊld, AmE hoʊld | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle held ① (clasp in hand) 握着 wòzhe ‹stick, gun›;
 (clasp in arms) 抱着 bàozhe ‹person, animal›
▸ to hold a coin 攥住一枚硬币 
▸ to hold a pen 握笔 
▸ she held me by the sleeve 她抓住我的衣袖 ② (clasp in mouth) «person, animal» 咬住 yǎozhù ;
 «bird» 衔住 xiánzhù 
▸ it held the worm in its beak 它用喙衔着小虫 
▸ the dog was holding a ball in its mouth 那条狗嘴里叼着一个球 ③ (embrace) 拥抱 yōngbào 
▸ to hold sb in one's arms 抱着某人 
▸ to hold each other tight 紧紧相拥 ④ (use as support) 抓住 zhuāzhù ‹handrail, branch›⑤ (keep in place) 使保持不动 shǐ bǎochí bù dòng 
▸ to hold sth in place or position 把某物固定住 
▸ to hold the door open/shut 把门开着/关着 
▸ to hold the camera steady 拿稳相机 
▸ to hold a ladder (for sb) （为某人）扶住梯子 
▸ to hold one's head forward/back 头向前探/头向后仰 
▸ to hold a knife to sb's throat 用刀抵着某人的喉咙 ⑥ (grasp in pain) 捂住 wǔzhù ‹head, stomach›
▸ she was holding her head 她抱着头 ⑦ (support) 承受 chéngshòu ‹weight, load›;
 承受…的重量 chéngshòu… de zhòngliàng ‹person, object›⑧ (restrain) 阻止 zǔzhǐ 
▸ we held the thief 我们看住了小偷 
▸ there's no holding him/her figurative informal 他/她要大展宏图 ⑨ (keep in check) = hold back A2⑩ (detain) 扣留 kòuliú 
▸ to hold suspects (for questioning) 拘留嫌犯（审讯） 
▸ to hold sb prisoner/hostage 囚禁某人/把某人扣为人质 ⑪ (contain) «box» 装着 zhuāngzhe ‹valuables›;
 (accommodate) «theatre, room» 容纳 róngnà ‹spectators, people›
▸ the tank holds 5 litres 这个油箱能装5升汽油 
▸ the car holds five (people) 这辆车能坐下5个人 ⑫ (possess) 持有 chíyǒu ‹licence, passport, PhD›;
 拥有 yōngyǒu ‹territory, title›
▸ to hold the record (for sth) 保持（某比赛的）纪录 
▸ to hold a fascination for sb 对某人有很大的吸引力 ⑬ (consume without getting drunk) 能喝下 néng hēxia 
▸ to hold one's drink or liquor 酒量很大 
▸ he can't hold his drink 他是一喝就醉 ⑭ (occupy) 担任 dānrèn ‹position, office›;
 掌握 zhǎngwò ‹power›⑮ (have charge of) 保管 bǎoguǎn ‹document, money›;
 «computer» 保存 bǎocún ‹information›⑯ (defend successfully) «army» 守住 shǒuzhù ‹city, fort›;
 «party, team» 保住 bǎozhù ‹seat, title›⑰ (have reserved) 保留 bǎoliú ‹seat, booking›⑱ (delay) 推迟 tuīchí ‹flight›⑲ (stop) 停止处理 tíngzhǐ chǔlǐ ‹order›;
 暂缓 zànhuǎn ‹phone call›;
 延后投递 yánhòu tóudì ‹letter›
▸ hold it! informal (wait) 等一下！ (don't move) 别动！ 
▸ hold the onions informal (at restaurant) 不加洋葱 
▸ hold everything! informal 快停下！ ⑳ Music «player, instrument» 延长 yáncháng ‹note, chord›;
 «singer» 继续唱 jìxù chàng ‹note, chord›
▸ a minim is held for two beats 一个二分音符延续两拍 ㉑ 
▸ Telecommunications to hold the line 不挂断电话 bù guàduàn diànhuà ㉒ 
▸ Motor Vehicles to hold the road «vehicle» 抓地 zhuādì 
▸ these tyres don't hold the road well in rain 这些轮胎在下雨天抓地性能差 ㉓ (engage) 吸引 xīyǐn ‹interest, attention›㉔ Aviation, Nautical «ship, plane» 沿…航行 yán… hángxíng ‹course›㉕ (maintain) 保持 bǎochí ‹lead, speed, pose›;
 守住 shǒuzhù ‹position›
▸ to hold spending to £2 billion 使开支保持在20亿英镑 
▸ he held the class spellbound 他使全班学生听得入了神 ㉖ (stage) 举行 jǔxíng ‹meeting, talks›;
 举办 jǔbàn ‹exhibition, party›;
 进行 jìnxíng ‹election, enquiry›
▸ to hold a service 做礼拜 
▸ to hold a conversation (with sb) （与某人）进行交谈 ㉗ (be sure of) 坚持 jiānchí ‹view›
▸ to hold the idea/opinion that … 认为… 
▸ a firmly held belief 坚定的信念 ㉘ formal (regard as) 认为 rènwéi 
▸ to hold sb responsible (for sth) 认为某人应该（对某事物）负责 
▸ to hold sb/sth in high esteem or regard 非常尊重某人/高度重视某事物 
▸ she is held to be an expert 她被视为专家 ㉙ 
▸ (in tennis) to hold one's serve 保住发球局 bǎozhù fāqiújú B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle held ① (remain intact) «dam, shelf, rope» 支撑得住 zhīchēng de zhù ;
 «glue» 粘得牢 zhān de láo 
▸ to hold fast «anchor» 牢牢地吃住不动 ② (continue) 保持不变 bǎochí bùbiàn 
▸ to hold until tomorrow «weather» 持续到明天 
▸ his luck held 他一直走运 ③ Telecommunications 等待 děngdài 
▸ please hold a moment 请稍等 ④ (be valid) 合乎逻辑 héhū luóji 
▸ to hold true «theory, principle» (be true) 正确 (be valid) 适用 
▸ his argument doesn't hold 他的论点站不住脚 ⑤ (remain available) «offer, promise» 有效 yǒuxiào 
▸ to hold good 有效 yǒuxiào ⑥ 
▸ (be applicable) to hold for sb/sth;
 «rule, law» 适用于某人/某事物 shìyòng yú mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù ⑦ (remain in place) 保持不动 bǎochí bù dòng 
▸ hold still! 不要动！ ⑧ (hold on) 抓住 zhuāzhù 
▸ hold tight! 抓紧！ C. to hold oneself reflexive verb past tense, past participle held ① 
▸ (physically) to hold oneself well 保持端正的姿势 bǎochí duānzhèng de zīshì 
▸ to hold oneself upright 挺直身体 tǐngzhí shēntǐ ② 
▸ (mentally) to hold oneself ready for sth 准备好做某事 zhǔnbèi hǎo zuò mǒu shì D. noun ① uncountable (grasp with hand) 抓 zhuā ;
 (grasp with arms) 抱 bào 
▸ to get or take or lay hold of sb/sth 抓住某人/某物 
▸ to keep (a) hold of sb/sth 抓着某人/某物不放 
▸ to relax or release one's hold on sb/sth 放开某人/某物 
▸ to catch hold of sth as it falls 接住坠落的某物 ② countable (in wrestling) 擒拿法 qínnáfǎ 
▸ to have sb in a hold 用擒拿法控制住某人 ③ countable (in climbing) 支撑点 zhīchēngdiǎn ④ uncountable figurative (control) 控制 kòngzhì 
▸ to have a hold over or on sb 能左右某人 
▸ get a hold of yourself! 镇定一点！ 
▸ she needs to get a hold of herself 她该重新振作起来了 
▸ to take hold «epidemic, fear» 蔓延开来 «habit» 变得根深蒂固 biàn de gēn shēn dì gù 
▸ to take hold of sb/sth «panic, urge» 完全控制某人/某事物 ⑤ uncountable 
▸ (possession) to get hold of sth 得到某物 dédào mǒu wù 
▸ he got hold of another ticket 他又搞到了一张票 
▸ where did he get hold of that idea? 他怎么会有这样的想法？ ⑥ uncountable 
▸ (contact) to get hold of sb (locate) 找到某人 zhǎodào mǒu rén (communicate with) 与某人联系上 yǔ mǒu rén liánxì shang ⑦ uncountable (for hair) 定型力 dìngxínglì 
▸ a long-lasting hold 持久定型 ⑧ countable Aviation, Nautical (for storage) 货舱 huòcāng E. on hold adverb phrase ① Telecommunications 待接 dài jiē 
▸ to put sb on hold 让某人等待 
▸ to put a call on hold 让电话待接 ② (postponed) 推迟 tuīchí 
▸ to put sth on hold 暂停 ‹plan, project›
▸ to put one's career on hold (to do sth) 中断事业（做某事） PHRASAL VERBS hold against: transitive verb [hold sth against sb] 因…降低对…的评价 yīn… jiàngdī duì… de píngjià 
▸ I never held that against you 我从没有因为那件事而轻视你 hold back A. [hold back sb/sth, hold sb/sth back] transitive verb ① (restrain) 阻止 zǔzhǐ ‹person›
▸ to hold sb back from doing sth 阻止某人做某事 
▸ to hold back a crowd 拦住人群 ② (keep in check) «wall, dam» 挡住 dǎngzhù ‹animals, mob, water›③ (keep in place) «person, clip» 固定 gùdìng ‹hair›④ figurative (suppress) 抑制 yìzhì ‹emotions›
▸ to hold back one's laughter/anger 忍住不笑/压住怒火 ⑤ (block) 妨碍 fáng'ài 
▸ to hold back the tide of reform 阻挡改革的浪潮 
▸ to be held back in one's career 在事业上受阻 ⑥ (not reveal) 向某人隐瞒 xiàng mǒu rén yǐnmán ‹information, truth›
▸ to hold back the results of the investigation 对调查结果秘而不宣 
▸ she's holding something back from us 她有什么事瞒着我们 ⑦ (not give) 扣住 kòuzhù ‹payment, goods›B. [hold sb back] transitive verb (deter) 阻止 zǔzhǐ 
▸ consideration for her held him back from saying what he really thought 考虑到她的感受，他没有说出自己的真实想法 C. intransitive verb 犹豫 yóuyù 
▸ to hold back from signing a contract 犹豫着不签合约 
▸ I held back (hesitated) 我犹豫着 (waited) 我等着 hold down transitive verb [hold sb/sth down, hold down sb/sth] ① 
▸ (keep from moving) to hold sb/sth down 按住 ànzhù 
▸ to be held down with tacks 被大头钉钉住了 bèi dàtóudīng dìngzhù le ② (by pressing) 压住 yāzhù ‹key, switch, lever›;
 踩住 cǎizhù ‹pedal›③ (keep level) 控制 kòngzhì ‹prices, expense, number›④ (have) 有 yǒu ‹job›;
 (keep) 保住 bǎozhù ‹job›
▸ to hold down two jobs at once 同时做两份工作 ⑤ figurative (oppress) 压制 yāzhì 
▸ a dictator who held his people down 压迫人民的独裁者 hold forth intransitive verb derogatory 夸夸其谈 kuākuā qí tán 
▸ to hold forth on or about sth;
 滔滔不绝地谈论某事物 hold in transitive verb [hold sth in, hold in sth] ① (pull in) 收缩 shōusuō 
▸ to hold one's stomach/chest in 收腹/含胸 ② (restrain) 抑制 yìzhì ‹emotions, temper›
▸ to hold one's feelings in 克制感情 
▸ I couldn't hold in my anger 我压不住自己的怒火 hold off A. intransitive verb (not happen) «rain, snow» 不下 bù xià ;
 «winter» 不来临 bù láilín 
▸ the storm held off until we got home 我们到家之后暴风雨才来 B. transitive verb [hold off sb/sth, hold sb/sth off] ① (repel) 抵挡住 dǐdǎng zhù ‹attacker, attack›② (beat) 战胜 zhànshèng ‹challenger, competitor›;
 赢得 yíngdé ‹challenge›③ (stall) 拖住 tuōzhù ‹creditors, reporters›④ 
▸ to hold off doing sth (delay) 推迟做某事 tuīchí zuò mǒu shì 
▸ we held off telling her for a few days 我们推迟了几天才告诉她 hold on A. intransitive verb ① (wait) 等待 děngdài 
▸ hold on! let me get my breath back! 等一下！让我喘口气！ 
▸ hold on! I'll get him 稍等！我去叫他来 ② (grip) 抓牢 zhuāláo 
▸ hold on tight! 抓紧！ 
▸ to hold on with both hands 双手抓紧 
▸ the dog held on (with its teeth) 这条狗（用牙齿）紧紧咬住不松口 ③ (endure) 坚持 jiānchí 
▸ hold on! Help is on its way 坚持住！救援马上就到 B. transitive verb [hold sth on] 固定 gùdìng 
▸ to be held on with glue 用胶水粘住 hold on to transitive verb [hold on to sb/sth] ① (grip) 抓牢 zhuāláo 
▸ to hold on to one's hat 按住帽子 
▸ hold on to the dog 把狗牵好 ② (keep) 保有 bǎoyǒu ‹object, property›
▸ this is worth holding on to 这值得保留 ③ figurative (retain) 保持 bǎochí ‹hope, dreams, position›
▸ to hold on to one's lead 保持领先 
▸ he held on to his belief that … 他坚持认为… ④ (look after) 保管 bǎoguǎn ‹money, keys›
▸ to hold on to sth for sb;
 为某人保管某物 hold out: A. transitive verb ① [hold out sth, hold sth out] (stretch out, offer) 伸出 shēnchū ‹hand›;
 递出 dìchū ‹object›
▸ to hold one's hand out for a cup 伸手去拿一个杯子 
▸ to hold out a cup to sb 递给某人一个杯子 ② [hold out sth, hold sth out] 
▸ (retain) to hold out hope for sth 一直对某事物抱希望 yīzhí duì mǒu shìwù bào xīwàng 
▸ I don't hold out much hope of them paying 我对他们付钱的事不抱多大希望 ③ [hold out sth] (provide) 提供 tígōng ‹chance›;
 带来 dàilái ‹hope›
▸ to hold out the prospect of sth 使某事有可能 B. intransitive verb ① (last) «stocks, fuel» 维持 wéichí ② 
▸ (resist) to hold out (against sb/sth);
 抵抗 ‹enemy, attack› 抵制 dǐzhì ‹changes, reform›
▸ to hold out against sb's threats 面对某人的威胁拒不妥协 hold out for transitive verb [hold out for sth] 坚持要求 jiānchí yāoqiú ‹pay rise, better conditions, improved offer›hold out on transitive verb [hold out on sb] informal 瞒着 mánzhe 
▸ she's holding out on you! 她一直瞒着你！ hold over transitive verb [hold sth over, hold over sth] ① (postpone) 推迟 tuīchí ‹decision, programme›② (continue to show) 延长…的演出期 yáncháng… de yǎnchūqī ‹play›;
 延长…的放映期 yáncháng… de fàngyìngqī ‹film›;
 延长…的开放期 yáncháng… de kāifàngqī ‹exhibition›
▸ the show was held over for five more performances 这场表演又续演5场了 hold to transitive verb [hold to sth] ① (maintain) 坚持 jiānchí ‹belief, principle, decision›
▸ to hold to one's promise 恪守诺言 ② [hold sb to sth] (make sb fulfil sth) 使履行 shǐ lǚxíng ‹agreement, contract›
▸ he held her to her promise 他要求她恪守诺言 
▸ I'll hold you to that! 你要说话算话！ hold together A. intransitive verb ① (not break) 保持完整 bǎochí wánzhěng 
▸ this car is scarcely holding together 这辆车快要散架了 ② (remain united) «group» 保持团结 bǎochí tuánjié 
▸ to hold together in times of crisis 在危难时刻团结一致 B. transitive verb [hold sth together] 使…保持完整 shǐ… bǎochí wánzhěng ‹car, machine›;
 使…连在一起 shǐ… lián zài yīqǐ ‹papers, pieces›
▸ to be held together with a paper clip 用回形针别在一起 
▸ to hold the family together 使全家人凝聚在一起 hold up A. transitive verb [hold sth up, hold up sth] ① (support) 支撑 zhīchēng ‹roof, tent›
▸ her trousers were held up by a drawstring 她的裤子是用拉带系着的 ② (lift) 举起 jǔqǐ ‹object›
▸ hold your hand up, hold up your hand 举手 
▸ hold your head up 把头抬起来 
▸ to hold up two fingers 竖起两根手指 ③ 
▸ to hold sb/sth up as sth (present) 将某人/某事物作为…举例 jiāng mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù zuòwéi… jǔlì 
▸ to hold sb up as a model of good behaviour 拿某人作良好表现的榜样 
▸ to hold sb/sth up to ridicule/scorn 嘲笑/鄙视某人/某事物 cháoxiào/bǐshì mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù ④ (delay) 延误 yánwù ‹departure›;
 (obstruct) 拦住 lánzhù ‹procession›
▸ to hold up the traffic 阻碍交通 
▸ sorry we're late: we were held up 很抱歉我们迟到了：我们被耽搁了 ⑤ (rob) [尤指持枪] 抢劫 qiǎngjié ‹person, bank›B. intransitive verb ① (remain intact) 保持完好 bǎochí wánhǎo 
▸ the hut held up 小屋仍完好地矗立着 
▸ these shoes will not hold up much longer 这些鞋子穿不了太久了 ② (remain valid) «argument, theory» 站得住脚 zhàndezhù jiǎo 
▸ his excuse didn't hold up under scrutiny 他的理由经不起推敲 ③ (remain strong) «person» 保持健康 bǎochí jiànkāng ;
 «support» 依然有力 yīrán yǒulì ;
 «currency» 仍然坚挺 réngrán jiāntǐng 
▸ the Labour vote held up well 工党的得票总数保持高态势 hold with transitive verb [hold with sth] 赞成 zànchéng ‹idea, system›
▸ I don't hold with keeping animals in cages 我反对把动物关在笼内 



hop1 | BrE hɒp, AmE hɑp | A. intransitive verb present participle hopping past tense, past participle hopped ① (on one leg) 单足跳行 dān zú tiàoháng 
▸ to hop up/down the path 单脚跳着沿路跑上去/跑下来 ② (move on both feet) «animal, bird» 齐足跳行 qí zú tiàoháng ③ (jump) 跳跃 tiàoyuè 
▸ to hop off a wall 从墙上跳下 
▸ to hop over a puddle/ditch 跃过水坑/沟渠 
▸ to hop up and down with rage/delight figurative 气得跳脚/高兴得跳来跳去 
▸ to be hopping mad figurative informal 暴跳如雷 
▸ to hop into bed with sb informal 和某人上床 ④ (move speedily) 快速移动 kuàisù yídòng 
▸ to hop on a plane 登上飞机 
▸ to hop off a bus 跳下公共汽车 ⑤ informal (travel) 作短途旅行 zuò duǎntú lǚxíng 
▸ to hop over to … 到…作短途旅行 
▸ we hopped across the Atlantic to New York for the weekend 我们飞越大西洋到纽约去度周末 B. transitive verb present participle hopping past tense, past participle hopped ① (jump over) 跳过 tiàoguo ② 
▸ (go away) hop it! informal 走开！ zǒukāi ！ C. noun ① (on one leg) 单足跳 dān zú tiào 
▸ to be (kept) on the hop figurative informal 忙忙碌碌 
▸ to catch sb on the hop figurative informal 使某人措手不及 ② (on both feet) 齐足跳 qí zú tiào 
▸ in a series of little hops 蹦蹦跳跳地 ③ informal (short journey) 短途旅行 duǎntú lǚxíng ;
 (short distance) 短距离 duǎn jùlí ④ informal (dance) [非正式的] 舞会 wǔhuì PHRASAL VERBS hop about, hop around intransitive verb 四处蹦蹦跳跳 sìchù bèngbèngtiàotiào hop off intransitive verb informal 快速离开 kuàisù líkāi 



hope | BrE həʊp, AmE hoʊp | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (expectation, optimism) 希望 xīwàng 
▸ a glimmer or ray of hope 一线希望 
▸ to have great hopes of winning 很有希望获胜 
▸ to give up/lose hope 放弃/失去希望 
▸ to live in hope (of sth) （对某事物）抱有希望 
▸ to place or put or set or pin (all) one's hopes on sb/sth 把（所有的）希望寄托在某人身上/某事物上 
▸ to build up or raise sb's hopes 激起某人的希望 
▸ don't get your hopes up 别抱太大希望 
▸ to be beyond hope (of sth) 毫无（…的）希望 
▸ hope springs eternal in the human breast proverb 人心永远充满希望 
▸ to see some hope for the future 看到未来的一些希望 ② countable (aspiration) 期望 qīwàng 
▸ to have high hopes for one's children 对孩子寄予厚望 
▸ my only hope is that he will be happy 我唯一的希望是他可以幸福 ③ uncountable and countable (that which gives hope) 希望所在 xīwàng suǒ zài ;
 (chance) 可能性 kěnéngxìng ;
 (promising person) 有前途的人 yǒu qiántú de rén 
▸ you're my last hope! 你是我最后的希望！ 
▸ her only hope of survival 她生存的唯一希望 
▸ there's not much hope that he'll come 他来的可能性不大 
▸ not to have a hope in hell (of doing sth) informal 毫无机会（做某事） 
▸ not or what a hope! British informal, some hope! informal 不可能！ B. transitive verb ① (want, expect) 希望 xīwàng 
▸ to hope to make a lot of money 指望赚大钱 
▸ what is it you hope to achieve? 你想达到什么目的？ 
▸ I hope he comes today 但愿他今天来 
▸ hoping to hear from you (in letter) 期盼你的回信 ② 
▸ (expressing polite wish, disapproval) to hope (that) …;
 但愿… dànyuàn… 
▸ I hope we didn't disturb you 但愿我们没有打扰你 C. intransitive verb 希望 xīwàng 
▸ I hope so/not 希望如此/但愿不会 
▸ to hope against hope (that …) （对…）仍然抱一线希望 
▸ to hope for the best 尽量往好处想 
▸ to hope for good weather on Sunday 盼望星期天天气好 
▸ all we can do now is hope 现在我们能做的就是期待 



horrify | BrE ˈhɒrɪfʌɪ, AmE ˈhɔrəˌfaɪ | transitive verb ① (shock, offend) 使恐惧 shǐ kǒngjù ② (appal) 使震惊 shǐ zhènjīng 
▸ to be horrified by sth;
 对某事感到震惊 



hug | BrE hʌɡ, AmE həɡ | A. transitive verb present participle hugging past tense, past participle hugged ① (embrace) 拥抱 yōngbào ‹person›;
 抱着 bàozhe ‹toy›② (hold tightly) 抱紧 bàojǐn ③ (fit tightly) «trousers, jeans, dress» 紧裹 jǐn guǒ 
▸ figure-hugging 紧身的 ④ (keep close to) 紧挨着 jǐn āizhe ‹shore, ground, boundary›
▸ to hug the coast/walls 紧靠海岸/墙壁 B. to hug oneself reflexive verb present participle hugging past tense, past participle hugged 沾沾自喜 zhānzhān zì xǐ C. noun 拥抱 yōngbào 
▸ to give sb a hug;
 拥抱某人 
▸ a bear hug 熊抱 



hum1 | BrE hʌm, AmE həm | A. intransitive verb present participle humming past tense, past participle hummed ① (buzz) «insect» 发嗡嗡声 fā wēngwēng shēng ;
 «machine, traffic» 发隆隆声 fā lónglóng shēng ② (sing with closed lips) 哼曲子 hēng qǔzi 
▸ to hum along to a tune 随曲调低声哼唱 
▸ to hum to oneself 轻声哼唱 → haw2③ informal (bustle) «place, town, business» 活跃 huóyuè 
▸ to hum with activity/life 忙碌/活跃 ④ British informal (emit smell) «person, drains, dustbin» 发臭 fāchòu B. transitive verb present participle humming past tense, past participle hummed 哼 hēng ‹melody›
▸ to hum a tune to/for sb 对着/为某人哼曲子 C. noun (low sound) 嘈杂声 cáozá shēng ;
 (of insect) 嗡嗡声 wēngwēng shēng ;
 (of machine, traffic) 隆隆声 lónglóng shēng 



humiliate | BrE hjʊˈmɪlɪeɪt, AmE (h)juˈmɪliˌeɪt | transitive verb 羞辱 xiūrǔ 



hunt | BrE hʌnt, AmE hənt | A. noun ① (search) 寻找 xúnzhǎo 
▸ to be on the hunt for sth 在寻找某物 
▸ to launch a hunt for sb 开始追捕某人 
▸ the hunt is on for a candidate 正在物色人选 ② (for animals) 打猎 dǎliè 
▸ a lion hunt 猎狮 ③ British (for foxes) 猎狐 liè hú ;
 (hunting group) 猎狐队 lièhúduì B. transitive verb ① (try to catch) «police» 追捕 zhuībǔ ‹criminal›;
 «criminal» 追杀 zhuīshā ‹victim, witness›② Zoology «predator» 猎食 lièshí ‹prey›③ «hunter, hounds» 追猎 zhuīliè ‹game, fox›
▸ to hunt and kill whales 捕杀鲸鱼 ④ British «rider, hound» 猎狐 liè hú 
▸ to hunt an area 在某区域猎狐 ⑤ (drive out) 驱逐 qūzhú 
▸ to hunt sb out of or off sth 把某人赶出某地 C. intransitive verb ① (look) 寻找 xúnzhǎo 
▸ to hunt for a new job 找新工作 
▸ to hunt high and low (for sth) 到处寻找（某物） ② (try to catch) 追捕 zhuībǔ 
▸ to hunt for sb;
 追捕 zhuībǔ ‹criminal› 追杀 zhuīshā ‹victim›③ Zoology «predator» 猎食 lièshí ④ (for animals) 打猎 dǎliè 
▸ to hunt for foxes/tigers 猎狐/猎虎 PHRASAL VERBS hunt down transitive verb [hunt down sb/sth, hunt sb/sth down] ① (try to capture) 追捕 zhuībǔ ‹criminal, terrorist›;
 追杀 zhuīshā ‹victim›
▸ to be finally hunted down 终于被捉拿归案 ② (try to find) 寻找 xúnzhǎo ‹object›
▸ I hunted down my tax records 我查到了我的纳税记录 ③ Hunting 追猎 zhuīliè ‹game›
▸ they hunted the tiger down to its lair 他们把老虎追进了虎穴 hunt out: transitive verb [hunt out sth, hunt sth out] 找到 zhǎodào ‹clothes, letter›
▸ she hunted out some old photographs 她找出一些旧照片 hunt up: transitive verb [hunt up sb/sth, hunt sb/sth up] 寻找 xúnzhǎo ‹person, lost object›



hurl | BrE həːl, AmE hərl | A. transitive verb ① (throw) 猛扔 měng rēng ‹book, stone, ball›;
 用力推 yònglì tuī ‹person›
▸ to hurl sth at or against/through … 向…用力扔某物/通过…将某物抛出 
▸ she was hurled through the windscreen 她被从挡风玻璃处抛出来 ② (direct) 大声说出 dàshēng shuōchū 
▸ to hurl insults/accusations at sb 厉声辱骂/谴责某人 B. to hurl oneself reflexive verb (throw oneself, jump) 扑 pū 
▸ to hurl oneself against or at or into sb/sth;
 扑向某人/某物 pū xiàng mǒu rén/mǒu wù 
▸ he hurled himself into his work figurative 他全身心投入工作 



hurry | BrE ˈhʌri, AmE ˈhəri | A. noun uncountable and countable ① (haste) 急忙 jímáng 
▸ what's (all) the hurry? 急什么？ 
▸ in my hurry, I forgot 匆忙间我忘记了 
▸ (to be) in a hurry 匆忙 
▸ to do sth in a hurry 匆忙做某事 
▸ to leave in a hurry 赶忙离开 
▸ to be in a hurry to do sth 急于做某事 
▸ to be in a hurry to grow up 恨不得一下子长大 
▸ to be in no hurry (to do sth), not to be in any hurry (to do sth) (have time) 有时间（做某事） (be unwilling) 不想（做某事） 
▸ I'm not in any hurry 我没什么急事 
▸ they won't do that again in a hurry informal 他们再也不愿做那事 
▸ I won't forget that in a hurry! informal 我不会忘记那件事的！ ② (need for haste) 紧急 jǐnjí 
▸ there's no hurry 不用着急 B. intransitive verb ① (act quickly) 急忙 jímáng 
▸ to hurry over sth;
 匆忙做 ‹work, homework› 匆忙吃 cōngmáng chī ‹meal›
▸ don't hurry! 别急！ 
▸ to make sb hurry 催某人加快速度 
▸ hurry or you'll miss the bus 抓紧时间，否则就赶不上汽车了 
▸ hurry and open your present informal 快点打开礼物 ② 
▸ (rush) to hurry out/in/away 匆匆出去/进来/离开 cōngcōng chūqu/jìnlai/líkāi 
▸ to hurry home 急匆匆赶回家 jícōngcōng gǎnhuíjiā C. transitive verb ① (do hastily) 仓促完成 cāngcù wánchéng ‹task›;
 匆忙吃 cōngmáng chī ‹meal›
▸ careful planning cannot be hurried 精细的规划急不得 ② (press) 催促 cuīcù 
▸ to hurry sb into sth/doing sth;
 催促某人某事/做某事 
▸ don't hurry me 不要催我 
▸ to be hurried into (making) an unwise choice 在催逼之下作出不明智的选择 ③ (hasten) 使加快 shǐ jiākuài 
▸ to hurry sb in;
 让某人赶快进来 
▸ to hurry sb to their seat 迅速带某人到他的座位 
▸ to hurry sb out of/away from sth;
 迅速带某人离开某处 PHRASAL VERBS hurry along A. intransitive verb 快走 kuàizǒu 
▸ hurry along there, please! 请快点！ B. transitive verb [hurry along sth, hurry sth along] 加快 jiākuài ‹process›
▸ to hurry dinner along a bit 快点准备好晚餐 hurry away intransitive verb 迅速离开 xùnsù líkāi 
▸ don't hurry away! 别忙着走！ hurry back intransitive verb ① (to home) 赶快回家 gǎnkuài huíjiā 
▸ hurry back! 赶快回来！ ② (to other place) 迅速返回 xùnsù fǎnhuí 
▸ to hurry back to school/the office 赶紧回学校/办公室 hurry off intransitive verb 匆忙离开 cōngmáng líkāi 
▸ to hurry off without saying goodbye 没说再见就匆忙离开 hurry up A. intransitive verb 赶快做 gǎnkuài zuò 
▸ hurry up! we'll be late 快点！我们要迟到了 
▸ I wish the bus would hurry up and come 我希望公交车能快一点来 
▸ hurry up with the scissors! 快点把剪刀拿来！ B. transitive verb [hurry sb/sth up] 催促 cuīcù ‹person›;
 使…加快 shǐ… jiākuài ‹process›
▸ to hurry sb up a bit 催某人快点 
▸ to hurry the order up 让订的东西快点送来 



hurt | BrE həːt, AmE hərt | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle hurt ① (injure) 使受伤 shǐ shòushāng 
▸ to hurt one's shoulder in a fall 摔伤肩膀 
▸ to be seriously/slightly hurt 受重伤/轻伤 
▸ somebody's going to get hurt 有人会受伤的 ② (cause pain to) 使…疼痛 shǐ… téngtòng ‹person›
▸ these shoes hurt my feet 这双鞋子我穿着脚疼 
▸ my shoulder has been hurting me for days 我的肩膀已经疼了好几天了 
▸ it hurts him to bend his knee 他的膝盖一弯就疼 ③ (wound emotionally) 伤害 shānghài 
▸ to hurt sb's feelings/pride 伤某人的心/伤害某人的自尊心 
▸ to get hurt;
 感情受到伤害 
▸ her remarks hurt me deeply 她的话让我很伤心 ④ (affect adversely) 损害 sǔnhài 
▸ to hurt sb's reputation 损害某人的名誉 
▸ a dry summer will hurt the farmers 干旱的夏季将给农民造成损失 ⑤ with negative 
▸ ironic (harm) it wouldn't hurt her to apologize 道个歉对她来说也无伤大雅 
▸ getting up early never hurts anybody 早起绝不会有坏处 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle hurt ① (be painful, cause pain) 疼痛 téngtòng 
▸ my foot hurts 我脚疼 
▸ my shoes hurt 我的鞋子穿着脚疼 
▸ it hurts when I turn my head 我的头一转动就疼 ② (be upsetting) «truth, insult» 使人伤心 shǐ rén shāngxīn 
▸ her indifference hurts 她的冷漠让人难过 
▸ what really hurt was that she had lied 真正令人伤心的是她说了谎 ③ informal (feel upset) 感到伤心 gǎndào shāngxīn 
▸ he was hurting (badly) 他感到（非常）伤心 ④ (have adverse effect) «sanctions, taxes» 有不良影响 yǒu bùliáng yǐngxiǎng ⑤ 
▸ to be hurting for sth US informal (be in need of) 急需某物 jíxū mǒu wù 
▸ to be hurting (for money) 缺钱花 quē qián huā ⑥ with negative (do harm) 有妨害 yǒu fánghài 
▸ it won't hurt to check 检查一下没有坏处的 
▸ one little chocolate won't hurt 吃一点巧克力不碍事的 
▸ it won't hurt to postpone the meeting 会议延期没什么大不了的 C. to hurt oneself reflexive verb past tense, past participle hurt 受伤 shòushāng 
▸ I fell, but I didn't hurt myself 我摔倒了，但没有受伤 D. adjective 受伤的 shòushāng de ‹look, feelings›
▸ to sound or look hurt 听起来/看上去很伤心 
▸ she was hurt not to have been invited 她没有受到邀请，感到很难过 E. noun uncountable and countable 伤害 shānghài 
▸ there was hurt and anger in her voice 她的语气显得既难过又生气 



hush | BrE hʌʃ, AmE həʃ | A. transitive verb ① (silence) 使…安静下来 shǐ… ānjìng xialai ‹noise, din›;
 使…停止 shǐ… tíngzhǐ ‹students, crowd›② (pacify) 使平静 shǐ píngjìng ‹baby›B. intransitive verb 安静 ānjìng [尤用于发出命令] C. noun uncountable 寂静 jìjìng 
▸ a hush fell over the crowd 人群变得鸦雀无声 PHRASAL VERB hush up: transitive verb ① [hush sth up, hush up sth] (hide information about) 掩盖 yǎngài ‹scandal, case›② [hush sb up, hush up sb] (make be quiet) 使…住嘴 shǐ… zhùzuǐ 



hustle | BrE ˈhʌs(ə)l, AmE ˈhəsəl | A. transitive verb ① (force) 推搡 tuīsǎng 
▸ to hustle sb into/through/out of sth 将某人推进/推过/推出某处 ② (urge) 强迫 qiǎngpò ;
 (hurry) 催促 cuīcù 
▸ to hustle sb into sth/doing sth;
 迫使某人卷入某事/做某事 ③ US informal (obtain) 靠欺诈获得 kào qīzhà huòdé ‹goods›B. noun ① uncountable (activity) 忙碌喧嚣 mánglù xuānxiāo 
▸ hustle and bustle 拥挤喧嚣 ② countable US informal (illegal activity) 欺诈行为 qīzhà xíngwéi C. intransitive verb (push, shove) 推 tuī 
▸ to hustle over or through/in;
 挤过/挤进 



hypnotize | BrE ˈhɪpnətʌɪz, AmE ˈhɪpnəˌtaɪz | transitive verb ① Medicine 对…施催眠术 duì… shī cuīmiánshù 
▸ to hypnotize sb into doing sth;
 施催眠术让某人做某事 ② (beguile, fascinate) 使着迷 shǐ zháomí 
