


idealize | BrE ʌɪˈdiːəlʌɪz, AmE aɪˈdi(ə)ˌlaɪz | transitive verb 把…理想化 bǎ… lǐxiǎnghuà 



identify | BrE ʌɪˈdɛntɪfʌɪ, AmE aɪˈdɛn(t)əˌfaɪ | A. transitive verb ① (establish identity of) 辨认 biànrèn ‹criminal, body›② (pick out) 认出 rènchū ‹person, place, object›③ (consider as equivalent) 认为…等同 rènwéi… děngtóng 
▸ to identify money with happiness;
 认为金钱就是幸福 ④ (associate) 联系 liánxì 
▸ to identify sth with sb;
 把某事与某人联系起来 B. intransitive verb 
▸ to identify with sb;
 与某人产生共鸣 yǔ mǒu rén chǎnshēng gòngmíng C. to identify oneself reflexive verb ① (establish identity) 自称 zìchēng 
▸ to identify oneself as … 自称是… zìchēngshì… ② 
▸ (sympathize with) to identify oneself with sb;
 同情某人 tóngqíng mǒu rén 



idolize | BrE ˈʌɪd(ə)lʌɪz, AmE ˈaɪdlˌaɪz | transitive verb 崇拜 chóngbài 



ignite | BrE ɪɡˈnʌɪt, AmE ɪɡˈnaɪt | A. transitive verb ① (set fire to) 点燃 diǎnrán ‹combustible material, bomb›;
 «fire, spark» 引燃 yǐn rán ‹fuel›② figurative (arouse, inflame) 激发 jīfā ‹temper›;
 引起 yǐnqǐ ‹controversy, debate›
▸ to ignite tensions 引发紧张局势 B. intransitive verb ① (catch fire) 着火 zháohuǒ ② figurative «anger» 爆发 bàofā 



ignore | BrE ɪɡˈnɔː, AmE ɪɡˈnɔr | transitive verb ① (take no notice of) 忽视 hūshì ② (intentionally disregard) 无视 wúshì 
▸ to ignore personal danger;
 不顾个人安危 ③ (disobey) 不理会 bù lǐhuì ‹advice, warning notice, command›



ill-treat | BrE ˌɪlˈtriːt, AmE ˈɪl ˈˌtrit | transitive verb 虐待 nüèdài 



illuminate | BrE ɪˈl(j)uːmɪneɪt, AmE ɪˈluməˌneɪt | transitive verb ① (light up) «light» 照亮 zhàoliàng ‹room, place›;
 figurative «smile» 使…容光焕发 shǐ… róngguāng huànfā ‹face, eyes, expression›② figurative (elucidate) 阐明 chǎnmíng ‹subject, theory›;
 (enlighten) 启发 qǐfā ‹person›③ Art 华丽地装饰 huálì de zhuāngshì ‹manuscript, prayer book›④ (decorate with lights) 用彩灯装饰 yòng cǎidēng zhuāngshì 



illumine | BrE ɪˈl(j)uːmɪn, AmE ɪˈlumən | transitive verb literary 照亮 zhàoliàng 



illustrate | BrE ˈɪləstreɪt, AmE ˈɪləˌstreɪt | transitive verb ① (provide with pictures) 给…加插图 gěi… jiā chātú ② (explain, make clear) 说明 shuōmíng 
▸ to illustrate a point/how … 说明一个观点/如何… ③ (exemplify) 举例说明 jǔlì shuōmíng 
▸ to illustrate the fact that …;
 举例说明…的事实 



imagine | BrE ɪˈmadʒɪn, AmE ɪˈmædʒən | transitive verb ① (picture, visualize) 想象 xiǎngxiàng 
▸ just imagine how disappointed I was 想象一下我当时是多么失望 
▸ you can't/you can (well) imagine my horror! 你想象不出/你（完全）能够想象到我有多恐惧！ ② (believe wrongly) 幻想 huànxiǎng 
▸ there's nothing there, you're just imagining it! 那里什么都没有，只是你的幻觉而已！ 
▸ don't imagine you're going to succeed without a lot of hard work 别幻想不付出艰苦努力就能获得成功 ③ (suppose) 料想 liàoxiǎng 
▸ I imagine he's still alive 我想他还活着 
▸ she mistakenly imagined she would get the job 她误以为自己会得到那份工作 
▸ you'd never imagine anyone would be so unpleasant 你绝对不会想到居然有人会这么讨厌 



imbibe | BrE ɪmˈbʌɪb, AmE ɪmˈbaɪb | A. transitive verb ① (formal or humorous) (drink) 喝 hē ② formal (assimilate) 吸收 xīshōu ‹information›;
 接受 jiēshòu ‹idea›B. intransitive verb (formal or humorous) 酗酒 xùjiǔ 



imitate | BrE ˈɪmɪteɪt, AmE ˈɪməˌteɪt | transitive verb ① (copy) 仿效 fǎngxiào 
▸ art imitates life 艺术是对生活的仿制 ② (mimic) 模仿 mófǎng ‹person, mannerism›;
 模拟 mónǐ ‹sound›
▸ to imitate a cock crowing 学公鸡啼叫 ③ (reproduce) 复制 fùzhì 
▸ to imitate sb's signature 模仿某人的签名 ④ (simulate) 仿制 fǎngzhì 
▸ synthetic fabrics can now imitate everything from silk to rubber 如今可以用合成纤维仿制从丝绸到橡胶的任何东西 



immerse | BrE ɪˈməːs, AmE ɪˈmərs | A. transitive verb ① (submerge) 浸泡 jìnpào 
▸ to immerse sth in sth;
 把某物浸泡于某液体中 ② figurative (absorb, engross) 使…沉浸 shǐ… chénjìn ‹person›
▸ to be immersed in sth;
 深陷于某事 ③ Religion 给…施浸礼 gěi… shī jìnlǐ B. to immerse oneself reflexive verb 专心 zhuānxīn yú 
▸ to immerse oneself in sth;
 专心于某事 zhuānxīn yúmǒu shì 



immolate | BrE ˈɪməleɪt, AmE ˈɪməˌleɪt | formal A. transitive verb 用…作燔祭 yòng… zuò fánjì B. to immolate oneself reflexive verb 自焚 zìfén 



immure | BrE ɪˈmjʊə,ɪˈmjɔː, AmE ɪˈmjʊr | transitive verb formal 监禁 jiānjìn 
▸ to immure sb in sth 在某处监禁某人 



impair | BrE ɪmˈpɛː, AmE ɪmˈpɛr | transitive verb 削弱 xuēruò ‹mobility, strength›;
 降低 jiàngdī ‹efficiency›;
 损害 sǔnhài ‹health, sight›



impart | BrE ɪmˈpɑːt, AmE ɪmˈpɑrt | transitive verb ① (communicate) 传授 chuánshòu ‹knowledge, skill›;
 传达 chuándá ‹information›;
 透露 tòulù ‹news›
▸ to impart sth to sb;
 将…赋予某人 ‹wisdom› 向某人传授 xiàng mǒu rén chuánshòu ‹knowledge›② (add) 带来 dàilái ‹atmosphere, flavour›
▸ wine imparts elegance to a meal 葡萄酒能给进餐带来优雅的氛围 



impeach | BrE ɪmˈpiːtʃ, AmE ɪmˈpitʃ | transitive verb ① British (charge with crime against the state) 控告 kònggào 
▸ to impeach sb for sth/doing sth;
 控告某人有某罪/犯有某罪 ② US (charge with misconduct) 弹劾 tánhé ‹person, public official, president›③ (call into question) 质疑 zhìyí ‹honesty, testimony›



impede | BrE ɪmˈpiːd, AmE ɪmˈpid | transitive verb 阻碍 zǔ'ài ‹action, advance›;
 阻塞 zǔsè ‹traffic›;
 «long hair, clothes» 妨碍 fáng'ài ‹person, movement›;
 «lack of money» 拖延 tuōyán ‹progress›
▸ to impede success 阻碍成功 



impel | BrE ɪmˈpɛl, AmE ɪmˈpɛl | transitive verb present participle impelling past tense, past participle impelled ① (force, drive) 迫使 pòshǐ 
▸ poverty impelled him into crime 贫穷逼得他犯罪 ② (urge) «fear» 驱使 qūshǐ ‹person›;
 «ambition» 激励 jīlì ‹person›
▸ to impel sb into sth/into doing or to do sth;
 驱使某人做某事 



impend | ɪmˈpɛnd | verb [no object] (of an event regarded as threatening or significant) be about to happen: it seemed certain that some great trial of strength impended between the opponents | the loss of liberty impends as the result of fatal indiscretion. ORIGIN late 16th century: from Latin impendere, from in- ‘towards, upon’ + pendere ‘hang’.



imperil | BrE ɪmˈpɛrɪl,ɪmˈpɛr(ə)l, AmE ɪmˈpɛrəl | transitive verb present participle etc. imperilling imperilled British imperiling imperiled US 危及 wēijí ‹life, project, future›



impinge | BrE ɪmˈpɪn(d)ʒ, AmE ɪmˈpɪndʒ | intransitive verb ① 
▸ to impinge upon or on sb/sth (restrict) «situation, event» 妨碍某人/某事 fáng'ài mǒu rén/mǒu shì 
▸ to impinge upon sb's free time/weekend 侵占某人的业余时间/周末 qīnzhàn mǒu rén de yèyú shíjiān/zhōumò ② 
▸ to impinge on or upon sb/sth (affect) «noise, policy» 影响某人/某事 yǐngxiǎng mǒu rén/mǒu shì 



implant A. transitive verb | BrE ɪmˈplɑːnt, AmE ɪmˈplænt | ① (instil) 灌输 guànshū ‹idea, principle›;
 将…埋藏于心 jiāng… máicáng yú xīn ‹desire, fear›
▸ to implant a sense of justice in students 培养学生的正义感 ② Medicine 移植 yízhí ‹organ›;
 植入 zhírù ‹electrode›
▸ to implant sth in sb;
 把某物植入某人体内 B. noun | BrE ˈɪmplɑːnt, AmE ˈɪmˌplænt | 移植物 yízhíwù 
▸ to have an implant;
 接受移植 



implicate | BrE ˈɪmplɪkeɪt, AmE ˈɪmpləˌkeɪt | transitive verb ① (incriminate) «person, evidence» 牵连 qiānlián ‹person›
▸ to implicate sb in a crime/in espionage 使某人卷入犯罪/谍报活动 ② 
▸ to be implicated in sth (be involved in) 与某坏事有牵连 yǔ mǒu huàishì yǒu qiānlián 
▸ viruses are implicated in certain cancers 病毒与某些癌症有关 



implode | BrE ɪmˈpləʊd, AmE ɪmˈploʊd | intransitive verb ① (collapse inwards) 内爆 nèibào ② (fail completely) «organization, system» 崩溃 bēngkuì 



implore | BrE ɪmˈplɔː, AmE ɪmˈplɔr | transitive verb ① (plead with) 恳求 kěnqiú 
▸ to implore sb to do sth;
 恳求某人做某事 ② literary (beg) 恳求得到 kěnqiú dédào ‹mercy›
▸ I implore your forgiveness 我恳求你原谅 



imply | BrE ɪmˈplʌɪ, AmE ɪmˈplaɪ | transitive verb ① (insinuate, suggest) 暗示 ànshì ‹attitude, decision›
▸ to imply that …;
 暗示… ② (entail, indicate) 意味着 yìwèizhe 
▸ rights imply obligations 权利意味着义务 
▸ to imply that …;
 意味着… 
▸ her success implies that she has some ability 她的成功说明她有一定的能力 ③ (mean) «term, word» 表示 biǎoshì 
▸ iron meteorites are, as their name implies, composed mainly of iron 铁陨石，顾名思义，其主要成分是铁 



import A. noun | BrE ˈɪmpɔːt, AmE ˈɪmˌpɔrt | ① countable Business (act of importing) 进口 jìnkǒu ;
 (item of merchandise imported) 进口货物 jìnkǒu huòwù ;
 (service) 输入劳务 shūrù láowù 
▸ the volume/level of imports 进口量/进口水平 
▸ import surplus 入超 
▸ import surcharge 进口附加税 
▸ import quota 输入限额 ② countable (cultural borrowing) 文化输入物 wénhuà shūrùwù [如词语、观念等] ③ uncountable formal (meaning) 含义 hányì 
▸ the import of sth;
 某事的含义 ④ uncountable formal (importance) 重要性 zhòngyàoxìng 
▸ of no (great) political import 政治上不（很）重要的 
▸ to be of import to sth;
 对某事重要 B. transitive verb | BrE ɪmˈpɔːt,ˈɪmpɔːt, AmE ɪmˈpɔrt | ① Business 进口 jìnkǒu ‹goods, services›② (introduce) 引进 yǐnjìn ‹word, ideas›③ Computing 输入 shūrù ‹data, file›



impose | BrE ɪmˈpəʊz, AmE ɪmˈpoʊz | A. transitive verb ① (enforce) 强制实行 qiángzhì shíxíng ‹restriction, penalty, sanctions›;
 强行收取 qiángxíng shōuqǔ ‹charge, fine›
▸ to impose sth on sb;
 把某事强加于某人 
▸ to impose a sentence of five years on sb 判处某人5年徒刑 
▸ to impose silence on the class 硬让全班安静下来 
▸ to impose a tax 征税 ② (force on others) 将…强加于人 jiāng… qiángjiā yú rén 
▸ to impose one's opinions on sb;
 勉强某人接受自己的想法 
▸ to impose one's presence on sb;
 让某人意识到自己在场 B. intransitive verb 利用 lìyòng 
▸ to impose on sb's kindness/hospitality 利用某人的仁慈/好客 
▸ I do hope I'm not imposing 真希望我没有添麻烦 C. to impose oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to impose oneself on sb;
 使某人接受自己 shǐ mǒu rén jiēshòu zìjǐ 



impress | BrE ɪmˈprɛs, AmE ɪmˈprɛs | A. transitive verb ① (arouse respect in) 使钦佩 shǐ qīnpèi 
▸ to impress sb with sth;
 因某事物令某人敬佩 
▸ to be impressed by or with sb/sth;
 对某人/某事物印象深刻 
▸ she impressed the examiners 她给考官们留下了好印象 
▸ we were greatly impressed by his footballing skills 他踢足球的技巧让我们赞叹不已 
▸ we were not impressed by his feeble excuses 我们不为他那些站不住脚的借口所动 
▸ this child impressed me as unusually mature 这孩子异乎寻常地成熟，给我留下了深刻的印象 ② 
▸ to impress sth on or upon sb (emphasize to sb) 使某人铭记 shǐ mǒu rén míngjì ‹importance, value, danger›
▸ I must impress on you the need to study hard 我必须让你认识到努力学习的必要性 
▸ the teacher impressed on or upon us that we should be punctual 老师让我们记住应当守时 ③ (imprint) 压印 yāyìn 
▸ to impress a pattern on (the surface of) a plate 在盘子（的表面）上压印图案 
▸ to impress a seal in the wax 在蜡上盖印章 B. intransitive verb 留下好印象 liúxia hǎo yìnxiàng 
▸ he only did it to impress 他这么做只是为了哗众取宠 
▸ his efforts/the film failed to impress 他的努力/这部电影没有引起注意 C. noun ① (act of impressing) 压印 yāyìn 
▸ bluish marks made by the impress of his fingers 他用手指按下的浅蓝色印记 ② (mark) 压痕 yāhén 
▸ the impress of a seal in the soft wax 印章在软蜡上留下的戳记 



imprint A. transitive verb | BrE ɪmˈprɪnt, AmE ɪmˈprɪnt | ① (stamp, mark) 压印 yāyìn ‹seal, foot›;
 留下…的印记 liúxia… de yìnjì ‹tyre mark, footprint›;
 在…上盖印 zài… shang gài yìn ‹letter, product›
▸ to imprint sth in/on sth;
 在某物上印下某物 
▸ to imprint sth with a stamp;
 在某物上盖印 ② (make firm) 铭刻 míngkè ‹image, idea›
▸ the day imprinted itself forever in his memory 这一天永远铭刻在他的记忆中 B. noun | BrE ˈɪmprɪnt, AmE ˈɪmprɪnt | ① (mark) 印记 yìnjì ② (deep impression) 深刻影响 shēnkè yǐngxiǎng 
▸ to leave an imprint 留下持久的影响 
▸ to bear the imprint of sth 有某事物的印记 ③ Printing (on title page) 出版说明 chūbǎn shuōmíng ;
 (publishing house) [出版社的] 品牌 pǐnpái 
▸ to be published under the Clarendon imprint 以克拉伦登的品牌出版 



imprison | BrE ɪmˈprɪz(ə)n, AmE ɪmˈprɪz(ə)n | transitive verb 关押 guānyā 
▸ to be imprisoned for sth/doing sth 因某事物/做了某事而遭监禁 
▸ to be imprisoned for ten years 被囚10年 
▸ I was imprisoned in the office until midnight (trapped) 我被关在办公室里一直到半夜 



improve | BrE ɪmˈpruːv, AmE ɪmˈpruv | A. transitive verb ① (qualitatively) 改善 gǎishàn 
▸ to improve a service/the soil/the kitchen 改进服务/改良土壤/整修厨房 
▸ to improve one's memory 增强记忆力 
▸ to improve one's German 提高德语水平 
▸ the new arrangements did not improve matters 那些新的安排于事无补 ② (quantitatively) (by increasing) 增加 zēngjiā ‹pay, yield›;
 (by decreasing) 减少 jiǎnshǎo ‹fuel consumption, unemployment figures›
▸ to improve wages 加薪 
▸ to improve efficiency/productivity 提高效率/生产率 
▸ to improve delivery times/the mortality rate 缩短送货时间/降低死亡率 ③ (make better in character, education) 提高…的修养 tígāo… de xiūyǎng ;
 (make better in social status, wealth) 改善…的境况 gǎishàn… de jìngkuàng 
▸ young offenders are rarely improved by imprisonment 监禁很少使青少年罪犯改邪归正 
▸ I was anxious to improve myself 我急于提高自己 B. intransitive verb ① (qualitatively) 改善 gǎishàn 
▸ her handwriting hasn't improved 她的书写没有长进 
▸ the town improves on closer acquaintance 这座城市熟悉之后给人的感觉更好 
▸ most good wines improve with age 大多数好的葡萄酒愈陈愈香 
▸ she is slowly improving in health, her health is slowly improving 她的健康状况在慢慢好转 ② (quantitatively) (by increasing) «productivity, rate» 增加 zēngjiā ;
 (by decreasing) «fuel consumption, unemployment figures, delivery times» 减少 jiǎnshǎo 
▸ teachers' pay has improved 教师的工资提高了 
▸ the value of the house is improving all the time 房子一直在升值 PHRASAL VERB improve on, improve upon transitive verb [improve on or upon sth] 比…更好 bǐ… gèng hǎo 
▸ she has improved on last year's performance 她的业绩超过了去年 



inaugurate | BrE ɪˈnɔːɡjʊreɪt, AmE ɪˈnɔɡ(j)əˌreɪt | transitive verb ① (begin, open) 为…举行开幕式 wèi… jǔxíng kāimùshì ‹exhibition, festival, conference›② (admit to office) 使…就职 shǐ… jiùzhí ‹bishop, official›③ formal (introduce) «person, invention» 开创 kāichuàng ‹era›;
 «government» 开始施行 kāishǐ shīxíng ‹policy, scheme›



incise | BrE ɪnˈsʌɪz, AmE ɪnˈsaɪz | transitive verb ① (cut) 切开 qiēkāi ‹wound, skin›② (engrave) 雕刻 diāokè ‹decoration, figure›;
 刻 kè ‹letter›



include | BrE ɪnˈkluːd, AmE ɪnˈklud | transitive verb ① (incorporate) 包括 bāokuò 
▸ children included 包括孩子们 ② (put in, make part of) 把…算入 bǎ… suànrù 
▸ the guests included Jason 贾森算在宾客中 
▸ does that include me? 算上我了吗？ 
▸ breakfast is included in the price 价格含早餐 



increase A. intransitive verb | BrE ɪnˈkriːs, AmE ɪnˈkris | ① (become larger) 增加 zēngjiā 
▸ the population has increased from 70,000 to 90,000 人口已经从7万增长到了9万 
▸ the value of the house has increased by 25% 房子增值了25％ 
▸ to increase in speed 加速 
▸ petrol has increased in price 汽油价格上涨了 ② (become more intense) 增强 zēngqiáng 
▸ her anger increased 她怒气更大了 
▸ the pain is increasing (in intensity) 越来越疼了 
▸ the rain increased 雨下大了 
▸ the darkness increased 天越来越黑了 ③ (in knitting) 放针 fàngzhēn B. transitive verb | BrE ɪnˈkriːs, AmE ɪnˈkris | ① (make greater) 增加 zēngjiā 
▸ to increase the value of a property 使某房产升值 
▸ giving up smoking may increase life expectancy by 10 years 戒烟可以使预期寿命延长10年 
▸ she increased her speed from 60 to 70 mph 她把速度从每小时60英里提高到70英里 ② (intensify) 增强 zēngqiáng 
▸ to increase volume 调高音量 
▸ the news increased our anxiety 这一消息使我们更加焦虑 ③ (in knitting) 放 fàng 
▸ to increase one stitch 放一针 C. noun | BrE ˈɪŋkriːs, AmE ˈɪnkris | ① (in amount) 增加 zēngjiā 
▸ a price/pay increase 涨价/加薪 
▸ a massive increase in unemployment 失业人数的大幅增长 
▸ a 5% increase, an increase of 5% 5%的增长 
▸ (to be) on the increase 正在增加 
▸ the problem of illiteracy is on the increase 文盲问题越来越严重 ② (in intensity) 增强 zēngqiáng 
▸ a further increase in effort is needed 需要更加努力 
▸ an increase in support for sb/sth 对某人/某事物更多的支持 
▸ (to be) on the increase 正在增强 



inculcate | BrE ˈɪnkʌlkeɪt, AmE ɪnˈkəlˌkeɪt,ˈɪnkəlˌkeɪt | transitive verb formal ① (instil) 灌输 guànshū ‹ideas, beliefs›
▸ to inculcate sth in or into sb;
 向某人灌输某思想 ② (teach) 教导 jiàodǎo ‹pupil, followers›
▸ to inculcate sb with sth;
 教导某人某事 



indent A. transitive verb | BrE ɪnˈdɛnt, AmE ɪnˈdɛnt | ① (make notches in) 使…成锯齿状 shǐ… chéng jùchǐzhuàng ‹edge, coast›
▸ an indented coastline 崎岖的海岸线 ② (dent) 在…上打出凹口 zài… shang dǎchū āokǒu ③ Printing 缩排 suōpái ‹text›
▸ new paragraphs should be indented 新段落须首行缩进 B. noun | BrE ˈɪndɛnt, AmE ɪnˈdɛnt,ˈɪnˌdɛnt | = indentation 4



indicate | BrE ˈɪndɪkeɪt, AmE ˈɪndəˌkeɪt | A. transitive verb ① (designate) 指示 zhǐshì ‹direction, object›
▸ to indicate to sb that …;
 向某人指示… 
▸ please indicate to the organizers where you would like to sit 请向组织者说明你想坐在何处 ② (suggest) 暗示 ànshì ‹feelings›
▸ to indicate the presence/approach of sth 暗示某事物的存在/临近 
▸ sth indicates that …;
 某事物表明… 
▸ it indicates how ashamed he feels 这暗示着他感觉有多羞愧 ③ (show) 标示 biāoshì ‹weight, temperature›
▸ the speedometer indicated 100 速度表的读数是100 ④ 
▸ to be indicated Medicine «treatment, action» 被暗示 bèi ànshì 
▸ surgery is usually indicated in such cases 这种情况通常建议动手术 ⑤ (make known) 表明 biǎomíng ‹intentions, plans›
▸ to indicate (to sb) that one is going to do sth （向某人）表明自己要做某事 ⑥ Motor Vehicles 打…的转向信号 dǎ… de zhuǎnxiàng xìnhào 
▸ to indicate left/right;
 打左转/右转信号 
▸ she indicated that she was turning left 她打出了左转信号 B. intransitive verb 打转向信号 dǎ zhuǎnxiàng xìnhào 



induce | BrE ɪnˈdjuːs, AmE ɪnˈd(j)us | transitive verb ① (persuade) 劝说 quànshuō 
▸ to induce sb to do sth;
 劝某人做某事 ② 
▸ (cause) to induce sb to do sth;
 导致某人做某事 dǎozhì mǒu rén zuò mǒu shì 
▸ to induce illness/fatigue/panic in sb 使某人生病/疲乏/恐慌 shǐ mǒu rén shēngbìng/pífá/kǒnghuāng 
▸ to induce sleep 使人入睡 shǐ rén rùshuì ③ Medicine 催产 cuīchǎn 
▸ to induce labour 引产 
▸ she was induced 她接受了引产 ④ Electricity, Physics 感应 gǎnyìng ‹electric current, electromotive force›



indulge | BrE ɪnˈdʌldʒ, AmE ɪnˈdəldʒ | A. transitive verb ① (spoil) 纵容 zòngróng ‹children, lover›
▸ she was indulged as a child 她小时候被宠坏了 ② (satisfy) 满足 mǎnzú ‹desire, curiosity›
▸ to indulge a longing 满足愿望 B. intransitive verb informal (allow a pleasure) 沉溺 chénnì ;
 (allow drinking) 沉迷饮酒 chénmí yǐn jiǔ 
▸ to indulge in sth/doing sth;
 沉溺于某事/做某事 
▸ do you indulge? 你喜欢喝酒吗？ C. to indulge oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to indulge oneself with sth 尽情享受某事物 jìnqíng xiǎngshòu mǒu shìwù 
▸ to indulge oneself by doing sth 尽情做某事 jìnqíng zuò mǒu shì 



infect | BrE ɪnˈfɛkt, AmE ɪnˈfɛkt | transitive verb ① (cause disease in) 传染 chuánrǎn 
▸ to infect sb/sth with sth 使某人/某物感染某病 ② (contaminate, pollute) «factory, bacteria, effluent» 污染 wūrǎn ‹water, atmosphere, food›③ figurative (influence) 影响 yǐngxiǎng 
▸ to infect sb with one's enthusiasm 用热情感染某人 



infest | BrE ɪnˈfɛst, AmE ɪnˈfɛst | transitive verb 大批出没于 dàpī chūmò yú 
▸ clothing infested with lice 长满虱子的衣服 
▸ to be infested with rats 老鼠成灾 



inflame | BrE ɪnˈfleɪm, AmE ɪnˈfleɪm | transitive verb ① (exacerbate) 使…恶化 shǐ… èhuà ‹situation›② Medicine «infection» 使…红肿 shǐ… hóngzhǒng ‹eye›;
 «disease» 使…发炎 shǐ… fāyán ‹throat, organ, joint›③ (to anger) 使…愤怒 shǐ… fènnù ‹person›;
 (provoke sb to strong emotions) «action, words, imagination» 激起…的强烈感情 jīqǐ… de qiángliè gǎnqíng ‹crowd, audience, followers›
▸ to inflame sb to anger;
 激怒某人 
▸ to be inflamed with desire 被勾起欲望 



inflate | BrE ɪnˈfleɪt, AmE ɪnˈfleɪt | A. transitive verb ① (fill with air or gas) 给…充气 gěi… chōngqì ‹object›;
 使…胀大 shǐ… zhàngdà ‹lungs›② figurative (exaggerate) 夸大 kuādà 
▸ flattery inflates one's ego or self-esteem 赞扬吹捧使人自高自大 ③ Economics «government» 使…膨胀 shǐ… péngzhàng ‹economy›;
 «company» 使…上涨 shǐ… shàngzhǎng ‹bill›
▸ inflate prices 抬高物价 B. intransitive verb 充气 chōngqì 



inflect | BrE ɪnˈflɛkt, AmE ɪnˈflɛkt | A. transitive verb ① Linguistics 使屈折变化 shǐ qūzhé biànhuà 
▸ to be inflected with ‘ed’ 屈折变化形式为添加“ed” ② (vary intonation of) 变 biàn ‹voice›;
 转 zhuǎn ‹tone, intonation›B. intransitive verb «verb, noun, adjective, language» 屈折变化 qūzhé biànhuà 



inform | BrE ɪnˈfɔːm, AmE ɪnˈfɔrm | A. transitive verb ① (notify, tell) 通知 tōngzhī 
▸ to inform sb of or about sth;
 通知某人某事 
▸ why wasn't I informed? 为什么没有告诉我？ 
▸ to keep sb informed of or as to … 随时向某人报告… 
▸ I am pleased/sorry to inform you that … 我很高兴/遗憾地告诉你… 
▸ to inform sb if/when … 告诉某人如果/何时… ② (pervade, give essential features to) 赋特征于 fù tèzhēng yú 
▸ the sense of justice which informs all her writings 充溢于她所有作品中的正义感 B. intransitive verb (denounce) 告发 gàofā 
▸ to inform against or on sb;
 告发 gàofā ‹gang, criminal›



infringe | BrE ɪnˈfrɪn(d)ʒ, AmE ɪnˈfrɪndʒ | A. transitive verb ① (break) 违背 wéibèi ‹agreement›;
 触犯 chùfàn ‹law›② (violate) 侵犯 qīnfàn ‹liberty, rights›B. intransitive verb 
▸ (encroach) to infringe on or upon sth;
 侵犯某权益 qīnfàn mǒu quányì 



infuse | BrE ɪnˈfjuːz, AmE ɪnˈfjuz | A. transitive verb ① (instil, pervade) 使充满 shǐ chōngmǎn 
▸ to infuse a project with enthusiasm 在项目中倾注热情 
▸ the movement was infused with new life 这一运动被注入了新的活力 ② Cooking 浸泡 jìnpào 
▸ vinegar infused with tarragon 浸泡龙蒿叶的醋 B. intransitive verb «tea, herbs» 被浸泡 bèi jìnpào 



ingest | BrE ɪnˈdʒɛst, AmE ɪnˈdʒɛst | transitive verb ① (eat, absorb) 咽下 yànxia ‹food›;
 喝下 hēxia ‹drink›② figurative (take in) 吸取 xīqǔ ‹information, facts›



inhabit | BrE ɪnˈhabɪt, AmE ɪnˈhæbət | transitive verb literal «people» 居住于 jūzhù yú ‹house, country, town›;
 «animals, birds» 栖息于 qīxī yú ‹burrow, region, nest›



inhale | BrE ɪnˈheɪl, AmE ɪnˈheɪl | A. transitive verb 吸入 xīrù B. intransitive verb (breathe in) 吸气 xīqì ;
 (when smoking) 吸烟 xīyān 



inherit | BrE ɪnˈhɛrɪt, AmE ɪnˈhɛrət | transitive verb ① (receive as heir) 继承 jìchéng 
▸ to inherit sth from sb;
 从某人处继承某物 ② (receive genetically) 经遗传获得 jīng yíchuán huòdé ‹temperament, complexion›③ figurative «person, institution» (be left with) 接手 jiēshǒu ‹problem›;
 (maintain) 沿袭 yánxí ‹tradition, custom›



initiate A. transitive verb | BrE ɪˈnɪʃɪeɪt, AmE ɪˈnɪʃiˌeɪt | ① (cause to begin) 开始 kāishǐ ‹talks, project, scheme, process›
▸ to initiate proceedings against sb 起诉某人 ② (admit into membership) 使…加入 shǐ… jiārù ‹novice, applicant›
▸ to initiate sb into a religious sect/secret society 接纳某人加入宗教教派/秘密会社 ③ (instruct) 传授 chuánshòu 
▸ to initiate sb into sth;
 使某人了解某事物 B. noun | BrE ɪˈnɪʃɪət, AmE ɪˈnɪʃiət | 新加入组织的人 xīn jiārù zǔzhī de rén 
▸ initiates of the cult 新加入异教团体的人 



inject | BrE ɪnˈdʒɛkt, AmE ɪnˈdʒɛkt | transitive verb ① 注射 zhùshè ‹drug›;
 给…注射 gěi… zhùshè ‹patient›;
 注入 zhùrù ‹liquid, gas›
▸ to inject sb with penicillin 给某人注射青霉素 
▸ inject foam into the cavity wall 将泡沫剂注入空心墙 ② figurative (introduce) 引入 yǐnrù ‹thoughts›;
 投入 tóurù ‹cash, enthusiasm›
▸ to inject funds into sth 为某事投入资金 
▸ to inject a new spark of life into the city 给这座城市注入新的活力 



injure | BrE ˈɪndʒə, AmE ˈɪndʒər | transitive verb ① (hurt) 使受伤 shǐ shòushāng 
▸ to injure oneself by doing sth;
 做某事使自己受伤 
▸ to injure one's arm (playing football) （踢足球时）手臂受伤 ② figurative (damage) 损害 sǔnhài ‹reputation, self-esteem›
▸ to injure sb's feelings 伤害某人的感情 



inlay A. noun | BrE ˈɪnleɪ, AmE ˈɪnˌleɪ | (design) 镶嵌装饰 xiāngqiàn zhuāngshì ;
 (pattern) 镶嵌图样 xiāngqiàn túyàng 
▸ a brooch with enamel inlay(s) 镶嵌着珐琅的胸针 B. transitive verb | BrE ɪnˈleɪ, AmE ˌɪnˈleɪ | past tense, past participle inlaid 镶嵌 xiāngqiàn 
▸ to inlay sth with sth;
 用某物镶嵌某物 
▸ to inlay sth in(to) sth;
 把某物镶入某物 



innovate | BrE ˈɪnəveɪt, AmE ˈɪnəˌveɪt | intransitive verb 革新 géxīn 



input | BrE ˈɪnpʊt, AmE ˈɪnˌpʊt | A. noun ① countable (of money, resources) 投入 tóurù ;
 (of energy) 输入 shūrù 
▸ the input of sth in or into sth;
 对某事物投入某资源 ② countable (contribution) 贡献 gòngxiàn ③ countable Physics, Electronics (energy) 输入能量 shūrù néngliàng 
▸ the input is a low-frequency signal 输入的是低频信号 ④ countable Electronics (device, port) 输入端 shūrùduān 
▸ the input is located by the keyboard 输入端口在键盘上 ⑤ uncountable Computing 输入 shūrù 
▸ the input of new information and data 新信息与数据的输入 B. transitive verb present participle inputting past tense, past participle input or inputted 输入 shūrù 
▸ to input data into a computer 把数据输入计算机 



inquire | BrE ɪnˈkwʌɪə, AmE ɪnˈkwaɪr | A. transitive verb 询问 xúnwèn 
▸ to inquire sth of or from sb;
 向某人打听某事物 B. intransitive verb 打听 dǎting 
▸ to inquire about sb/sth;
 打听某人/某事物 
▸ to inquire after sb;
 问候某人 
▸ to inquire into the truth of an allegation 调查一项指控的真相 
▸ inquire within 欲知详情请进内询问 
▸ to inquire at the information desk 在问讯台查问 



inscribe | BrE ɪnˈskrʌɪb, AmE ɪnˈskraɪb | transitive verb (write) 题写 tíxiě ;
 (engrave) 刻写 kèxiě 
▸ to inscribe sth on/in sth;
 把某文字刻在某物上/里 
▸ to inscribe sth with a verse, to inscribe a verse on sth 在某处题诗 



insert A. transitive verb | BrE ɪnˈsəːt, AmE ɪnˈsərt | 插入 chārù 
▸ to insert sth in or into sth;
 把某物插入某物中 
▸ to insert a hyphen/space between to words 在两个词中间插入连字符/空格 B. noun | BrE ˈɪnsəːt, AmE ˈɪnˌsərt | ① = insertion 2② (in dress, shoe) 嵌饰 qiànshì 



inspect | BrE ɪnˈspɛkt, AmE ɪnˈspɛkt | transitive verb ① (examine) 检查 jiǎnchá ‹ticket, luggage›;
 审查 shěnchá ‹document, passport, publication›;
 检阅 jiǎnyuè ‹troops›;
 巡视 xúnshì ‹school›
▸ to inspect sth for defects 检验某物有无缺陷 ② (assess, survey) 视察 shìchá 



inspire | BrE ɪnˈspʌɪə, AmE ɪnˈspaɪ(ə)r | transitive verb ① (motivate) 鼓舞 gǔwǔ 
▸ to inspire sb to do sth;
 激励某人做某事 
▸ to inspire sb to greater efforts 激励某人更加努力 ② (give rise to) 使产生 shǐ chǎnshēng ‹thought, feeling›
▸ what inspired you to suggest that? 是什么使你想到那个建议的？ ③ (arouse) 激起 jīqǐ 
▸ to inspire love/respect/trust in sb 唤起某人的爱/尊敬/信任 
▸ to inspire sb with hope/courage 激起某人的希望/勇气 



install, instal | BrE ɪnˈstɔːl, AmE ɪnˈstɔl | transitive verb present participle installing past tense, past participle installed ① (place in position) 安装 ānzhuāng ‹equipment, machine, device›
▸ to have sth installled 请人安装某物 ② (place in official post) 正式任命 zhèngshì rènmìng ‹chancellor, president›
▸ to install sb in office 任命某人就职 ③ (settle) 安置 ānzhì 
▸ to install sb/oneself in sth;
 将某人/自己安顿在某处 
▸ he is comfortably installled before the TV 他舒舒服服地坐在电视机前 



insult A. noun | BrE ˈɪnsʌlt, AmE ˈɪnˌsəlt | (remark) 辱骂 rǔmà ;
 (action) 侮辱 wǔrǔ 
▸ to make insults about sb/sth 辱骂某人/某事物 
▸ to hurl insults at sb 大声辱骂某人 
▸ an insult to sb's intelligence/memory 对某人智力/记忆力的侮辱 
▸ to add insult to injury 雪上加霜 B. transitive verb | BrE ɪnˈsʌlt, AmE ɪnˈsəlt | (verbally) 辱骂 rǔmà ;
 (by one's behaviour) 侮辱 wǔrǔ 



insure | BrE ɪnˈʃɔː,ɪnˈʃʊə, AmE ɪnˈʃʊr | A. transitive verb 给…保险 gěi… bǎoxiǎn 
▸ to insure sb/sth against sth 为某人/某物投保某险 
▸ to insure oneself or one's life 为自己投保人寿险 B. intransitive verb ① (take out insurance) 投保 tóubǎo 
▸ to insure against sth 投保某险 
▸ to insure against interest fluctuations/sickness/injury 投保利息浮动险/疾病险/伤害险 ② (take precautions) 采取预防措施 cǎiqǔ yùfáng cuòshī 
▸ to insure against delay/disappointment 采取措施以避免耽误/失望 



integrate | BrE ˈɪntɪɡreɪt, AmE ˈɪn(t)əˌɡreɪt | A. transitive verb ① (incorporate) 使成为一体 shǐ chéngwéi yītǐ 
▸ to integrate sth into or with sth;
 使某物与某物成为一体 
▸ to be well integrated with its surroundings 与环境融为一体 ② (blend, combine) 使融入 shǐ róngrù 
▸ to integrate sb into or with sth;
 使某人融入某群体 
▸ to integrate two systems 合并两个系统 ③ Mathematics 求…的积分 qiú… de jīfēn ‹number, quantity, expression›B. intransitive verb 成为一体 chéngwéi yītǐ 



introduce | BrE ɪntrəˈdjuːs, AmE ˌɪntrəˈd(j)us | transitive verb ① (make known, present) 介绍 jièshào ‹person›;
 使…相互认识 shǐ… xiānghù rènshi ‹two people›
▸ to introduce sb to sb;
 把某人介绍给某人 
▸ he was introduced to the queen 他被引见给女王 
▸ I'm sorry, I don't think we've been introduced 抱歉，我想我们还不认识呢 
▸ to introduce oneself 做自我介绍 
▸ he introduced himself as Dr Edwards 他自称是爱德华兹博士 ② Television, Radio (announce) 主持 zhǔchí ‹programme, item›③ (occur at start of) 引出 yǐnchū ‹piece, article, film›
▸ to introduce sth with sth (provide an opening explanation to) 用某事物作…的开场白 ‹lesson, programme, article›
▸ each chapter is introduced by a quotation 每章的开头都有一段引文 
▸ the scene that introduces Act 5 第5幕开始的那一场 
▸ she introduced her talk with a short film 她播放了一个电影短片作为谈话的引子 ④ (bring to attention of) 使初次了解 shǐ chūcì liǎojiě 
▸ to introduce sb to sth;
 使某人初次接触某事物 
▸ the foundation course introduces students to the basics 基础课程向学生介绍基础知识 
▸ she has introduced many people to the pleasures of wine-tasting 她使很多人体会到了品尝葡萄酒的乐趣 
▸ it was her brother who introduced her to smoking 是她哥哥教会她吸烟的 ⑤ (mention for first time) 初次提及 chūcì tíjí 
▸ two new characters are introduced in Chapter 6 第6章出现了两个新人物 
▸ to try to introduce the subject into the conversation 试图将话题引入到谈话中 ⑥ (bring in for the first time) 引入 yǐnrù ‹person, animal, plant›;
 传入 chuánrù ‹disease›;
 添加 tiānjiā ‹uncertainty, excitement›;
 (surreptitiously) 偷偷带入 tōutōu dàirù ‹camera, bomb›
▸ let's introduce a bit of colour 我们来添加一点色彩 
▸ it introduced a bit of drama into our lives 它为我们的生活带来了一些戏剧性 ⑦ (bring into use or operation) 推行 tuīxíng 
▸ new legislation has just been introduced 新法律刚刚开始实施 
▸ the company is introducing a new model next year 公司明年将推出一种新型产品 
▸ computers were first introduced into schools in the 1970s 计算机于20世纪70年代首次在学校中使用 ⑧ Politics 将…提交讨论 jiāng… tíjiāo tǎolùn 
▸ to introduce a bill 提交议案 ⑨ (insert) 插入 chārù ‹needle, tube›;
 添入 tiānrù ‹substance›



invent | BrE ɪnˈvɛnt, AmE ɪnˈvɛnt | transitive verb ① (create, design) 发明 fāmíng ‹machine, device, game›② (make up) 捏造 niēzào ‹story, excuse›
▸ an invented name 虚构的名字 



invite A. transitive verb | BrE ɪnˈvʌɪt, AmE ɪnˈvaɪt | ① (informally, socially) 邀请 yāoqǐng 
▸ to invite sb to do sth;
 邀请某人做某事 
▸ to invite sb back;
 回请某人 
▸ to invite sb in;
 邀请某人来家里做客 
▸ to invite sb over or round (to one's house) 邀请某人（到家中）作客 
▸ to invite sb to a party/for a drink 请某人参加聚会/喝酒 
▸ to invite sb for interview;
 约请某人参加面试 ② (request, elicit) 征求 zhēngqiú ‹opinions›
▸ to invite subscriptions 征订 
▸ he invited questions from the audience 他请观众提问 ③ figurative (encourage) 招致 zhāozhì 
▸ why invite trouble? 为何自找麻烦？ B. noun | BrE ˈɪnvʌɪt, AmE ˈɪnvaɪt | informal 邀请 yāoqǐng 
▸ don't forget to bring the invite 别忘了把请柬带上 
