


race1 | BrE reɪs, AmE reɪs | A. noun ① countable Sport 速度竞赛 sùdù jìngsài 
▸ to win/lose a race 跑赢/跑输 
▸ to come first/second etc. in a race 赛跑获得第一/第二名等 
▸ to take part in or enter a race 参加速度竞赛 cānjiā sùdù jìngsài 
▸ a boat/horse/dog/running race 赛艇/赛马/赛狗/赛跑 
▸ a road/car/bicycle/swimming race 公路赛/赛车/自行车赛/游泳比赛 
▸ a five-kilometre/200-metre race 5公里/200米速度竞赛 
▸ a race between sb/sth and sb/sth;
 …与…之间的速度竞赛 
▸ a race against sb/sth;
 与某人的赛跑/与某物的速度竞赛 
▸ to have a race with or against sb/sth;
 与某人赛跑/与某物竞速 
▸ to run a race (with sb);
 （和某人）赛跑 
▸ to run in a race;
 参加赛跑 
▸ a race against time or the clock 计时赛 figurative 争分夺秒 zhēng fēn duó miǎo ② countable figurative (rush) 匆忙 cōngmáng 
▸ a race to do sth;
 对做某事的抓紧 
▸ it will be a race to get this job finished before the end of the week 在周末之前完成这项工作得抓紧时间 ③ countable figurative (contest) 竞争 jìngzhēng 
▸ the presidential/mayoral race 总统/市长竞选 
▸ a race for sth;
 为某事物展开的竞争 
▸ to win the race for the White House 竞选美国总统获胜 
▸ a race to do sth;
 在做某事方面的竞争 
▸ the race to conquer space/reach the moon 征服太空/登月的竞争 
▸ the race is on to do sth;
 做某事的竞争已经开始 ④ countable (in sea, river) 急流 jíliú 
▸ a tidal race 急潮流 B. races plural noun 
▸ the races (horse races) 赛马会 sàimǎhuì (dog races) 赛狗会 sàigǒuhuì 
▸ to go to the races (horse races) 去看赛马会 qù kàn sàimǎhuì (dog races) 去看赛狗会 qù kàn sàigǒuhuì 
▸ a day at the races (horse races) 看赛马会的一天 kàn sàimǎhuì de yī tiān (dog races) 看赛狗会的一天 kàn sàigǒuhuì de yī tiān C. transitive verb ① (compete with) 同…竞速 tóng… jìngsù 
▸ come on, I'll race you! 来呀，我要和你比比谁快！ 
▸ to race sb to sth;
 与某人竞相奔向某物 
▸ we raced each other back to the car 我们争先恐后跑回汽车上 ② (enter for race) 使…参加速度竞赛 shǐ… cānjiā sùdù jìngsài ‹animal, vehicle, vessel›
▸ to race pigeons 赛鸽子 ③ (move fast) 使…疾走 shǐ… jízǒu ‹person›;
 使…快速行驶 shǐ… kuàisù xíngshǐ ‹vehicle›;
 使…快速移动 shǐ… kuàisù yídòng ‹product›
▸ she raced her car through the town 她驾车飞驰穿过小镇 
▸ to race sb/sth to sb/sth;
 使某人/某物向某人/某物快速移动 
▸ they raced her to hospital 他们火速将她送往医院 ④ (rev up) 使…空转 shǐ… kōngzhuàn ‹engine›D. intransitive verb ① (take part in a race) 参加速度竞赛 cānjiā sùdù jìngsài 
▸ he’ll be racing for the senior team next year 明年他要参加高级组别赛跑 
▸ to race against sb/sth (in the final/semi-final etc.) 同某人/某物（在决赛/半决赛等中）竞速 
▸ to race to sth;
 冲向某物 
▸ they raced to a thrilling victory in the relay 他们在接力赛中以令人振奋的成绩获胜 
▸ to race with sb/sth;
 同某人/某物竞赛 
▸ to race around the track 环绕跑道竞速 ② 
▸ (move fast) to race in;
 «person» 快速走入 «vehicle, vessel» 快速驶入 kuàisù shǐrù 
▸ to race out;
 冲出 
▸ he raced out into the street 他冲到街上 
▸ to race along;
 «person» 疾行 «vehicle, vessel» 疾驰 jíchí 
▸ to race past;
 «person» 匆匆走过 «vehicle, vessel» 匆匆驶过 cōngcōng shǐguo 
▸ to race up/down sth;
 «person» 快速走上/走下某物 «vehicle, vessel» 快速驶上/驶下某物 kuàisù shǐshang/shǐxia mǒu wù 
▸ he raced up the stairs/down the street 他冲上楼梯/沿着马路疾行 
▸ to race for sth;
 «person» 向…疾行 ‹vehicle, vessel›
▸ to race for the train 赶火车 
▸ to race after sb/sth;
 追赶某人/某物 
▸ to race to sth;
 冲向某物 ③ (try to be first) 争先 zhēngxiān 
▸ to race to do sth;
 竞先做某事 ④ (operate quickly) «mind» 急速转动 jísù zhuàndòng ;
 «heart, pulse» 急速跳动 jísù tiàodòng ⑤ Motor Vehicles «engine» 空转 kōngzhuàn ⑥ (hurry) 匆忙 cōngmáng 
▸ to race to do sth;
 匆忙做某事 
▸ we raced to get the job finished by lunchtime 我们赶着在午饭前完工 
▸ to race through sth;
 匆忙完成 ‹exercise, task›
▸ he raced through the novel in record time 他飞快地翻阅完那本小说 
▸ to race against time 争分夺秒 zhēng fēn duó miǎo PHRASAL VERBS race away: intransitive verb 
▸ to race away from sb/sth;
 快速超出某人/某物 kuàisù chāochū mǒu rén/mǒu wù 
▸ the horse raced away from the rest of the field to a comfortable victory 那匹马飞快甩开其他参赛马轻松获胜 race by intransitive verb «time» 飞逝 fēishì 
▸ the weeks seemed to race by 几个星期仿佛一晃而过 



rain | BrE reɪn, AmE reɪn | A. noun ① uncountable Meteorology 雨 yǔ 
▸ there will be rain tomorrow 明日有雨 
▸ rain is forecast for the weekend 预报说周末有雨 
▸ a drop of rain 一滴雨 
▸ the rain was coming down in huge drops 雨大滴大滴地落下来 
▸ the rain is pouring down, it’s pouring with rain 大雨倾盆 
▸ don’t go out in the rain 不要冒雨出去 
▸ (a) light/heavy rain 小雨/大雨 
▸ steady/driving or pouring or torrential rain 淫雨/倾盆大雨 
▸ it looks like rain 好像要下雨了 
▸ to shelter from the rain 避雨 
▸ to come in out of the rain 躲进室内避雨 
▸ (come) rain or shine 无论晴雨 
▸ to be (as) right as rain informal «person» 非常健康 «object» 毫无问题 háo wú wèntí 
▸ rain cloud 雨云 ② countable 
▸ figurative (large number) a rain of sth;
 雨点般的 yǔdiǎn bān de ‹arrows, bullets, blows›B. rains plural noun 
▸ the rains 雨季 yǔjì C. impersonal verb 下雨 xiàyǔ 
▸ it's raining 下雨了 
▸ it rained all day/all summer 整天/整个夏天都在下雨 
▸ to rain heavily or hard 下大雨 
▸ it never rains but it pours British, when it rains it pours US 祸不单行 D. intransitive verb ① (fall) 雨点般落下 yǔdiǎn bān luòxia 
▸ to rain on sb/sth;
 雨点般地落在某人身上/某物上 
▸ confetti rained on their heads 五彩纸屑纷纷扬扬掉落在他们头上 
▸ a flurry of blows rained on him 一阵拳头劈头盖脸地打在他身上 ② (be uttered) 连珠炮似地发出 liánzhūpào shìde fāchū 
▸ to rain on sb;
 接连向某人说出 
▸ more insults/abuse/questions rained on him 更多的侮辱/辱骂/问题连珠炮似地向他袭来 E. transitive verb ① (cause to fall) 使大量降落 shǐ dàliàng jiàngluò 
▸ to rain arrows into the path of sb 雨点般地向某人通行的道路射箭 
▸ to rain sth on sb/sth;
 使某物雨点般地落在某人身上/某物上 
▸ he rained blows on the woman 他连续不断用拳头打那个女人 ② (utter) 连珠炮似地说出 liánzhūpào shìde shuōchū 
▸ to rain compliments/questions on sb 一个劲儿地恭维某人/连珠炮似地向某人发问 
▸ he rained abuse on her head 他对她劈头盖脸一顿辱骂 PHRASAL VERBS rain down A. intransitive verb ① (fall in large quantities) 雨点般落下 yǔdiǎn bān luòxia 
▸ bombs rained down 炸弹雨点般地落下 
▸ to rain down on sb/sth;
 倾泻在某人身上/某物上 
▸ the blows rained down on him 拳头如雨点般落在他身上 ② (be uttered) 连珠炮似地发出 liánzhūpào shìde fāchū 
▸ the plaudits rained down 人们纷纷表示赞赏 
▸ to rain down on sb;
 连珠炮似地向某人说出 
▸ abuse/accusations/questions rained down continually on him 辱骂/谴责/问题连珠炮似地向他袭来 B. transitive verb [rain down sth, rain sth down] ① (cause to fall) 使大量降落 shǐ dàliàng jiàngluò 
▸ to rain sth down on sb/sth;
 使某事物雨点般地落在某人身上/某物上 
▸ the cherry tree rained white blossom down on him 樱桃树上的白花纷纷掉落在他身上 ② (utter) 连珠炮似地说出 liánzhūpào shìde shuōchū 
▸ to rain sth down on sb;
 连珠炮似地向某人说出某物 
▸ he rained down curses on them 他不停地咒骂他们 rain off transitive verb [rain off sth, rain sth off] British 因雨取消 yīn yǔ qǔxiāo 
▸ to be rained off;
 因雨取消 yīn yǔ qǔxiāo rain out transitive verb US = rain off



rattle | BrE ˈrat(ə)l, AmE ˈrædl | A. intransitive verb ① (shake) «bottles, cans, window, door, gunfire» 乒乓响 pīngpāng xiǎng ;
 «chains, coins» 当啷响 dānglāng xiǎng ;
 «car» 砰砰响 pēng pēng xiǎng 
▸ I could hear things rattling inside the box 我听到箱子里的东西哗啦哗啦响 
▸ to shake sb till or until their teeth rattle figurative 使劲摇晃某人 ② (move) 咔嚓咔嚓地行驶 kāchā kāchā de xíngshǐ 
▸ to rattle by or past;
 «car, train, truck» 轰隆隆地驶过 
▸ to rattle over sth;
 在…上咔嚓咔嚓地行进 ‹cobblestones›
▸ to rattle along the street;
 咔嚓咔嚓地沿街道前进 B. transitive verb ① (shake) 使…乒乓响 shǐ… pīngpāng xiǎng ‹bottle, can, window›;
 使…当啷响 shǐ… dānglāng xiǎng ‹chains, coins›;
 使…砰砰响 shǐ… pēng pēng xiǎng ‹car, door, steering wheel›
▸ to rattle sb’s cage informal 惹火某人 ② informal (make nervous) 使紧张 shǐ jǐnzhāng ;
 (frighten) 使害怕 shǐ hàipà ;
 (worry) 使担忧 shǐ dānyōu 
▸ to get rattled 被激怒 C. noun ① (of bottles, cans, window, gunfire) 乒乓声 pīngpāng shēng ;
 (of chains, coins) 当啷声 dānglāng shēng ;
 (of bodywork, engine) 砰砰声 pēng pēng shēng ② (baby's toy) 拨浪鼓 bōlanggǔ ③ (of sports fan) [为比赛助阵的] 响板 xiǎngbǎn ④ Zoology 角质环 jiǎozhìhuán PHRASAL VERBS rattle around informal: A. intransitive verb 
▸ to rattle around in sth;
 (live) 在空荡的…中居住 ‹house, flat› (work) 在空荡的…中工作 zài kōngdàng de… zhōng gōngzuò ‹office›
▸ the house was too big: we just rattled around in it 房子太大了，我们住着有点空落落的 B. transitive verb [rattle around sth] (live in) 在空荡的…中生活 zài kōngdàng de… zhōng shēnghuó ‹house, flat›;
 (work in) 在空荡的…中工作 zài kōngdàng de… zhōng gōngzuò ‹office›rattle away intransitive verb informal = rattle onrattle off transitive verb [rattle off sth, rattle sth off] 不假思索地说出 bù jiǎ sīsuǒ de shuōchū ‹speech›;
 一口气写出 yīkǒuqì xiěchū ‹letter, article›rattle on intransitive verb informal 喋喋不休 diédié bùxiū 
▸ to rattle on about sb/sth;
 喋喋不休地谈论某人/某事物 rattle through transitive verb [rattle through sth] ① (deal with) 迅速进行 xùnsù jìnxíng ‹work, discussion›
▸ they rattled through the rest of the meeting 他们匆忙把剩余的会开完 ② (say) 快速说出 kuàisù shuōchū 
▸ she rattled through the list of names 她一口气念完了名单 



reach | BrE riːtʃ, AmE ritʃ | A. transitive verb ① (arrive at) 到达 dàodá 
▸ the village is easily reached by bus 乘坐公共汽车很容易到达那个村庄 
▸ I hope this letter reaches you 我希望你能收到这封信 
▸ the rumours eventually reached the President 传闻最终引起了总统的注意 
▸ the show is due to reach our screens early next year 预计明年年初我们就能在电视上看到这个节目 
▸ to reach land 到岸 ② (increase to) 达到 dádào ‹level, peak, speed, temperature›
▸ when people reach the age of 60 当人到了60岁 ③ (progress to) 发展到 fāzhǎn dào ‹stage, position›
▸ matters reached a point where … 事态发展到了…的地步 
▸ I've reached the point where I can't stand this any longer! 我对此已经忍无可忍了！ 
▸ the negotiations have reached deadlock 谈判陷入了僵局 
▸ to reach the finals 进入决赛 
▸ to reach maturity 成熟 ④ (achieve) 达成 dáchéng ‹agreement, compromise, consensus›;
 作出 zuòchū ‹decision, verdict›;
 得出 déchū ‹conclusion›⑤ (contact) 同…取得联系 tóng… qǔdé liánxì ‹person, office›
▸ to reach sb by phone 与某人电话联系 
▸ to reach sb on British or at 6564 2222 拨打65642222同某人取得联系 ⑥ (extend to) «skirt, hair, trousers» 长及 cháng jí ;
 «arm, ladder» 够到 gòudào ;
 «water» 漫到 màndào ;
 «snow» 积到 jīdào 
▸ his feet can't reach the pedals 他的双脚踩不到踏板 ⑦ (touch, get by stretching) «person» 够到 gòudào 
▸ put medicines where children can't reach them 把药放在儿童够不到的地方 ⑧ (pass) 递 dì 
▸ to reach sth for sb, to reach sb sth;
 将某物递给某人 ⑨ Radio, Television (make impact on) 打动 dǎdòng ‹audience, public, market›
▸ to reach sb with sth;
 通过…影响某人 ‹ad campaign›B. intransitive verb ① (extend arm) 伸手 shēnshǒu 
▸ to reach across or over;
 伸过手去 
▸ to reach down/up;
 探手下去/抬起手 
▸ to reach under/inside sth;
 把手伸到某物下/伸进某物 
▸ to reach for sth;
 伸手够某物 
▸ I can't reach that high or as high as that 我手伸不了那么高 
▸ the film will have you reaching for your hanky! humorous 这部电影会让你掏手绢的！ 
▸ reach for the sky! (dated or humorous) 举手投降！ ② (extend) «clothes, hair, ladder, rope» 足够长 zúgòu cháng ;
 «water» 足够高 zúgòu gāo 
▸ the cable won't reach 电缆不够长 
▸ to reach as far as sth;
 长达某处 
▸ to reach to sth;
 长及某物 
▸ to reach up/down to sth;
 高/低到某处 
▸ her hair reached down to her waist 她的头发垂及腰部 
▸ to reach across sth;
 伸过某物 
▸ the carpet only reached halfway across the room 地毯只够铺半间屋子 C. noun uncountable and countable ① (of arm) 臂展 bì zhǎn 
▸ a long or good reach gives a boxer a distinct advantage 臂展长是拳击手的明显优势 
▸ to be beyond or out of/within (one's or arm's) reach 在（手臂）够不着/够得着的地方 
▸ to be beyond or out of/within the reach of sb 在某人够不着/够得着的地方 
▸ ‘keep out of reach of children’ “勿使儿童接触” 
▸ to be within easy reach (of arm) 在容易够着的地方 (nearby) 在近处 
▸ an excellent selection of shops is within easy reach 附近有一些非常不错的商店 
▸ to be within easy reach of sth 离…很近 ‹shop, office, town centre›② (of tool or device) 长度 chángdù 
▸ shears with a long reach 长剪 ③ (capability) 智力水平 zhìlì shuǐpíng 
▸ to be beyond or out of/within sb's reach 为某人不能/所能理解 ④ (power, influence) 影响力 yǐngxiǎnglì 
▸ beyond or out of reach of sb/sth 在某人/某事物的势力范围之外 
▸ he's beyond the reach of the law 他正逍遥法外 
▸ victory is now out of her reach 胜利现在对她来说遥不可及 ⑤ (financial means) 财力 cáilì 
▸ to be beyond or out of/within sb's reach, to be beyond or out of/within reach for sb 让某人负担不起/负担得起 
▸ to put sth beyond or out of/within sb's reach «price» 使某人无力/能够购买 ‹goods›D. reaches plural noun ① (of river) 河段 héduàn 
▸ the upper/lower reaches (of a river) （河的）上游/下游 ② (distant areas) 边远地区 biānyuǎn dìqū 
▸ the outer/further reaches (of sth) （某地区的）外部/偏远地带 
▸ the outer reaches of space 外太空 ③ (sections of society, organization) 部门 bùmén 
▸ the upper/lower reaches (of government) （政府的）上层/下层机构 PHRASAL VERBS reach back intransitive verb «memories, records, reviews» 追溯 zhuīsù 
▸ to reach back as far as or to sb/sth;
 追溯到 ‹era, person›
▸ the origins of the custom reach back to pre-Qin times 那个风俗的起源可追溯到先秦时期 reach down: transitive verb ① [reach sth down, reach down sth] (get down) 伸手取 shēn shǒu qǔ 
▸ to reach sth down from sth;
 从某物上取下某物 
▸ to reach sth down for sb;
 为某人取下某物 ② [reach sb down sth] (pass) 将…递给… jiāng… dì gěi… 
▸ to reach sb down a book from the top shelf;
 从书架顶层拿下一本书递给某人 reach out A. intransitive verb ① (extend hand) 伸手 shēnshǒu 
▸ to reach out for sth;
 伸手够某物 ② (offer help) 伸出援手 shēnchū yuánshǒu 
▸ to reach out to sb/sth;
 向某人/某群体伸出援手 ③ 
▸ to reach out to sb/sth (show interest) 争取某人/某群体 zhēngqǔ mǒu rén/mǒu qúntǐ 
▸ we must reach out to all levels of society and to all ages 我们必须争取社会各阶层和各年龄段的人 ④ (request help) 求助 qiúzhù 
▸ to reach out to sb/sth;
 向某人/某机构求助 B. transitive verb [reach out sth, reach sth out] 伸出 shēnchū 
▸ to reach out one's hand/arm (to do sth) 伸出手/胳膊（做某事） reach out for transitive verb [reach out for sth] 争取 zhēngqǔ ‹success, help, peace›



read | BrE riːd, AmE rid | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle read | red | ① (look through) 读 dú ‹book, newspaper›;
 读…的作品 dú… de zuòpǐn ‹author›
▸ to read sth from sth;
 读某物上的某内容 
▸ he used to read a passage from the Bible every evening 他过去常常每晚读一段《圣经》 
▸ to read sth to oneself;
 默读某物 
▸ to read sth silently 默读某物 
▸ to take sth as read 假定大家都读过并认可 ‹minutes, report› figurative 不经讨论即认定某事 bù jīng tǎolùn jí rèndìng mǒu shì 
▸ to take it as read (that) … 直接认定… ② (understand meaning of) 看懂 kàndǒng ‹text, foreign language, writing›
▸ can you read music? 你识谱吗？ ③ (give oral rendition of) 朗读 lǎngdú 
▸ to read sth aloud or out loud 朗读某物 
▸ to read sth to sb, to read sb sth;
 读某物给某人听 
▸ go on: read it to us 念吧，念给我们听听 
▸ to read sth for sb;
 为某人读某物 ④ (discover) 读到 dúdào 
▸ to read sth about sb/sth;
 读到有关某人/某事物的 ‹news, details›
▸ to read sth in sth 在…上读到某事 ‹newspaper›
▸ to read (that) … 读到… 
▸ to read how … 查阅到如何… ⑤ (in telling future) 占卜观察 zhānbǔ guānchá 
▸ to read the stars 看星象 
▸ to read sb's tea leaves 用某人喝剩的茶叶为其算命 ⑥ 
▸ (understand movements of) to read sb's lips 读某人的唇语 dú mǒu rén de chúnyǔ 
▸ read my lips! informal 听好了！ tīng hǎo le ！ 
▸ read my lips: no new taxes 听我说，不会征新税 ⑦ (guess at) 猜测 cāicè ‹intention›
▸ to read sb's thoughts or mind 猜测某人的心思 
▸ to read sb's mood 揣摩某人的脾气 ⑧ (interpret) 解读 jiědú 
▸ how do you read the situation? 你对目前的形势怎么看？ 
▸ to read the signs 识别征兆 
▸ this passage can be read in various ways 这段话可以有几种理解 
▸ to read sth as sth;
 将某事物理解为某事物 
▸ don't read his comments as proof of his sincerity 别以为他的评论证明了他的诚意 
▸ the book can be read as a satire 这本书可以说是一部讽刺作品 ⑨ (have as wording) «notice» 写着 xiězhe 
▸ the sign reads ‘no admittance’ 告示牌上写着“禁止入内” ⑩ (inspect and record) 读取…的读数 dúqǔ… de dúshù 
▸ I can't read what the pressure gauge says 我不会看压力计上的读数 
▸ I've come to read the gas meter 我是来抄煤气表的 ⑪ (show) «meter, dial, gauge, instrument» 显示 xiǎnshì 
▸ the thermometer reads 20 degrees 温度计上显示20度 ⑫ Computing 读 dú ‹disk, file›
▸ we can read the data we need from the disk 我们可以从那张盘上读取所需数据 ⑬ Radio, Telecommunications 收听到 shōutīng dào ‹person, pilot›
▸ to read sb loud and clear 听到某人的声音了，响亮又清楚 ⑭ British University dated 学习 xuéxí ‹subject›
▸ he's decided to read law for his degree 他已决定攻读法学学位 ⑮ (substitute in a text) 替换为 tìhuàn wéi ‹word›
▸ for ‘cat’in line 12 read ‘cart’ 第12行中的cat应为cart B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle read | red | ① (understand words) 识字 shízì 
▸ the baby can read pretty well 这个孩子能识好多字了 
▸ to read and write 看书写字 ② (go through written text) 阅读 yuèdú 
▸ to read silently, to read to oneself 默读 
▸ to read between the lines 领悟言外之意 ③ (say text out loud) 朗读 lǎngdú 
▸ to read aloud 朗读 lǎngdú 
▸ to read to sb;
 读给某人听 
▸ to read from sth;
 朗读某物上的内容 
▸ to read to sb from sth;
 给某人读某物上的内容 
▸ to read for sb;
 为某人朗读 ④ 
▸ (find out) to read about sb/sth;
 读到某人/某事物 dúdào mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù ⑤ (contain wording) «paragraph, sentence, clause» 行文 xíngwén 
▸ the text at this point reads thus/as follows … 文章此处行文是这样的/如下… ⑥ (come across) «story, essay, paragraph» 读起来 dú qilai 
▸ how do you think the essay reads? 你觉得这篇散文读上去怎么样？ 
▸ to read well/badly/smoothly 读起来很好/很糟/很通顺 
▸ to read like sth 读起来像某事物 
▸ the poem reads like a translation 这首诗读起来像是翻译过来的 ⑦ 
▸ British University dated to read for sth;
 攻读某学科 gōngdú mǒu xuékē 
▸ he's reading for a degree in physics/an English degree at Oxford 他正在牛津攻读物理学/英语学位 C. noun informal ① (mainly British) (act of reading) 阅读 yuèdú 
▸ I've got a new bestseller: do you want a read? 我有本新的畅销书：你要看吗？ 
▸ a long/quiet/little read 长时间/安静/少量的阅读 
▸ I enjoy a good read when I'm on my own 我独自一人时喜欢惬意地读读书 
▸ to have a read of sth 读一读 ‹novel, book›② (piece of writing) 读物 dúwù 
▸ to be an easy/exciting read 读来轻松/激动人心 
▸ I always think he's a good read 我总觉得他的书很好看 PHRASAL VERBS read back transitive verb [read sth back, read back sth] 读出 dúchū 
▸ to read sth back to sb;
 给某人读出某物 
▸ can you read that last bit back to me? 把最后那点再给我念一遍好吗？ read in transitive verb [read sth in, read in sth] 读入 dúrù ‹disk, data, file›read into transitive verb [read sth into sth] ① 
▸ (attribute significance to) to read too much into sth;
 对…作过多的理解 duì… zuò guò duō de lǐjiě ‹statement, message, comment›
▸ I wouldn’t read too much into what she says 对她的话，我不会多想的 
▸ was I reading too much into his behaviour? 我是不是对他的表现多心了？ ② Computing 把…读入… bǎ… dúrù… ‹disk, data, file›
▸ to be read into a computer 被读入电脑 read off transitive verb [read off sth, read sth off] ① (go through) 接连读出 jiēlián dúchū ‹names, scores›
▸ she read a few names off from the list 她从名单上读了几个名字 ② (ascertain) 确定 quèdìng ‹altitude, temperature, speed, time›
▸ the reaction time was read off the timer 从计时器读取了反应时间 read on intransitive verb 继续读 jìxù dú 
▸ how will our hero escape? read on 我们的主角将如何逃脱呢？下面接着读 read out transitive verb [read sth out, read out sth] 宣读 xuāndú 
▸ to read sth out to sb;
 给某人朗读某物 
▸ she read out the letter to all of us 她把信高声读给我们大家听 read over, read through transitive verb [read over sth, read sth over] 认真通读 rènzhēn tōngdú read up: transitive verb [read sb/sth up, read up sb/sth] 围绕…广泛阅读 wéirào… guǎngfàn yuèdú ‹subject, author›read up on transitive verb [read up on sb/sth] 围绕…广泛阅读 wéirào… guǎngfàn yuèdú ‹subject, author›



realize | BrE ˈrɪəlʌɪz, AmE ˈri(ə)ˌlaɪz | transitive verb ① (know, be aware of) 认识到 rènshi dào ‹mistake, truth, significance›
▸ I realize that you feel differently 我明白你的感受不一样 
▸ to realize how/why/what 意识到怎样/为什么/什么 
▸ to come to realize sth 逐渐明白某事 
▸ to make sb realize sth 使某人了解某事 
▸ do you realize that I'm waiting for you? 你明白我在等你吗？ ② (make concrete, real) 体现 tǐxiàn ‹design, idea›③ (fulfil) 发挥 fāhuī ‹potential›;
 实现 shíxiàn ‹possibilities›④ (cause to happen) 使成真 shǐ chéng zhēn 
▸ my worst fears were realized 我最担心的事情发生了 ⑤ (achieve) 将…变为现实 jiāng… biànwéi xiànshí ‹dream, hope›⑥ Finance (liquidate) 把…变现 bǎ… biànxiàn ‹shares›
▸ the company had to realize its most valuable assets 公司只好变卖最值钱的资产 ⑦ (be sold for) 售得 shòudé ‹amount›
▸ how much do you expect the furniture to realize? 这家具你想卖多少钱？ ⑧ Business (make, earn) 赚得 zhuàndé 
▸ to realize a sum on sth;
 在某物上赚一笔钱 



rebuild | BrE riːˈbɪld, AmE riˈbɪld | transitive verb past tense, past participle rebuilt | ˌriːˈbɪlt | ① (reconstruct, repair) 重建 chóngjiàn ‹factory, house, town, pier›② (reassemble) 重新组装 chóngxīn zǔzhuāng ‹engine, machine›③ (re-establish) 使…复原 shǐ… fùyuán ‹system, structure, company, society›
▸ he called on the people to rebuild their country 他号召人民重建祖国 
▸ I had to rebuild my whole life after my divorce 离婚后我不得不重新安排整个生活 
▸ to rebuild one's confidence/health 恢复信心/健康 



recall A. transitive verb | BrE rɪˈkɔːl, AmE rəˈkɔl | ① (summon back) «government, leader» 召回 zhàohuí ‹parliament, MP, ambassador, troops›② (request the return of) «library, librarian» 收回 shōuhuí ‹book, tape›;
 «manufacturer» 召回 zhàohuí ‹product›③ (order money to be repaid) «bank» 回收 huíshōu ‹loan, sum›④ (remember) 回忆起 huíyì qǐ ‹incident, moment, occasion, name›
▸ I recall seeing them before 我记得以前见过他们 
▸ as I recall 就我回忆 
▸ you will recall that … 你会回想起… 
▸ ‘it was in 1972,’he recalled “那是在1972年，”他回忆道 
▸ I recall her as a lovely young girl 我记得她是个可爱的小姑娘 ⑤ (bring to mind) «music, incident, encounter» 使人想起 shǐ rén xiǎngqǐ ‹occasion, episode›
▸ a tune that recalled the past for me 一首让我想起过往的曲子 ⑥ (bring back) «doctor» 使…恢复 shǐ… huīfù ‹person, animal›
▸ to recall sb to sth;
 使某人恢复到某状态 
▸ to recall sb to life/consciousness 使某人复活/苏醒 B. noun | BrE ˈriːkɔːl, AmE ˈriˌkɔl,riˈkɔl | ① countable (of parliament, ambassador) 召回 zhàohuí 
▸ the government ordered the recall of its troops from the island 政府命令其部队撤出该岛 ② countable (of books) 收回 shōuhuí ;
 (of product) 召回 zhàohuí 
▸ the library's termly recall of books 图书馆对图书的定期收回 ③ countable (order for money to be returned) 还款令 huánkuǎnlìng 
▸ the bank is contemplating the recall of its loan/funds 银行正在考虑收回贷款/资金 ④ uncountable (memory) 回忆 huíyì 
▸ powers of recall 记忆力 
▸ to have total recall of sth 完全记得某事 ⑤ countable (summons to troops) 归队号声 guīduì hàoshēng 
▸ to sound the recall 吹响归队号 ⑥ uncountable (undoing) 取消 qǔxiāo 
▸ the past was gone and beyond recall 过去的事情一去不复返了 



recast | BrE riːˈkɑːst, AmE riˈkæst | transitive verb past tense, past participle recast ① (reshape) 重新浇铸 chóngxīn jiāozhù ‹metal, object›② (rewrite) 改写 gǎixiě ‹sentence, chapter›
▸ he recast the lecture as a radio talk 他把讲座改写成广播讲话 ③ (change cast of) 重新安排…的演员阵容 chóngxīn ānpái… de yǎnyuán zhènróng ‹film, series, part›④ (change role of) 改变…的角色 gǎibiàn… de juésè 
▸ to recast sb as sb;
 让…改演某角色 ‹actor, actress›



receive | BrE rɪˈsiːv, AmE rəˈsiv | A. transitive verb ① (get) 收到 shōudào ‹gift, letter, payment, reply›;
 接到 jiēdào ‹phone call›;
 得到 dédào ‹information, support›;
 接受 jiēshòu ‹prize, advice, help›
▸ he received 50 enquiries after advertising the job 登出招聘广告后，有50人次向他咨询 
▸ he received an award for bravery from the police service 他因其勇敢行为受到警方嘉奖 
▸ ‘received with thanks’ (on receipt) “收悉，多谢” 
▸ ‘all contributions gratefully received’ (on notice, letter) “捐助均已收到，我等不胜感激” ② (sustain, undergo) 受 shòu ‹injury›;
 遭受 zāoshòu ‹blow, setback›;
 接受 jiēshòu ‹training, education›
▸ he received a 30-year sentence 他被判30年徒刑 
▸ the event received wide press coverage 该事件被新闻界广泛报道 
▸ the film received its premiere in London 该电影在伦敦首映 
▸ the Bill will receive its first reading today 今天将对该法案进行第一次宣读 ③ (meet with) «person, book, film, performance» 受到 shòudào ‹ovation, welcome›;
 «person» 接受 jiēshòu ‹congratulations, thanks›
▸ I received a lot of criticism for that 因为那件事我遭到许多批评 
▸ the rulings have received widespread acceptance 裁决受到广泛赞同 
▸ she received hearty congratulations from the head teacher 她受到了校长的衷心祝贺 ④ formal (welcome) 欢迎 huānyíng 
▸ to be warmly received 受到热烈欢迎 
▸ the King received the French delegation/ambassador at his palace 国王在宫中接见了法国代表团一行/大使 
▸ I was received with open arms 我受到了热情的欢迎 ⑤ (react to) 对…作出反应 duì… zuòchū fǎnyìng ‹performance, reform, suggestion, article›
▸ how was the play received? 这部戏反响如何？ 
▸ the play was well received by the critics 这部戏得到了评论家的好评 
▸ to be warmly received 受到热心关注 
▸ the package of reforms was positively received 人们对整套改革方案反应积极 
▸ to receive sth with sth;
 以某种态度对待某事物 
▸ the statistics were received with concern 人们对统计数据表示担忧 ⑥ (accept as member) 接纳…加入 jiēnà… jiārù ‹person›
▸ to be received into sth;
 获准加入 ‹church, order›⑦ Radio, Television (pick up) 接收 jiēshōu ‹programme, channel, signal›⑧ Radio, Telecommunications (hear) 收听到 shōutīng dào 
▸ are you receiving me? 你听到我的声音了吗？ 
▸ I’m receiving you loud and clear 我能听到你的声音，又响亮又清晰 ⑨ (mainly British) (buy illegally) 非法收购 fēifǎ shōugòu ‹jewellery, paintings›
▸ to receive stolen goods 收购赃物 ⑩ US (in baseball) 接 jiē ‹ball›B. intransitive verb ① (mainly British) (buy stolen goods) 收赃 shōu zāng ② (in baseball) 接球 jiē qiú 



recite | BrE rɪˈsʌɪt, AmE rəˈsaɪt | A. transitive verb ① (read aloud from memory) 背诵 bèisòng ‹poem, passage›
▸ the poet recited his latest work before an invited audience 诗人为特邀观众朗诵了他的新作 ② (list) 列举 lièjǔ ‹facts, list›;
 历数 lìshǔ ‹litany, grievances›
▸ he recited the names of the European capitals 他一一说出了欧洲国家首都的名称 B. intransitive verb 背诵 bèisòng 



recognize | BrE ˈrɛkəɡnʌɪz, AmE ˈrɛkəɡˌnaɪz | transitive verb ① (identify) 认出 rènchū ‹voice, friend, tune, quotation›
▸ did you recognize each other? 你们认出对方了吗？ 
▸ the shopkeeper recognized him as a local vagrant 店主认出他是当地的一个流浪汉 ② (identify from knowledge) 辨别 biànbié ‹symptom, sign›③ (officially acknowledge) 承认 chéngrèn ‹person, government, claim, right›
▸ to recognize that … 承认… 
▸ to be recognized as … 被认定是 ‹heir, owner›
▸ to be recognized by law 受到法律承认 
▸ to recognize sb's claim to ownership 承认某人的物权要求 ④ (show appreciation of) «person, government, firm» 赞赏 zànshǎng ‹talent, person›
▸ her services to the nation have now been recognized 她为国家做的贡献现在得到了嘉奖 ⑤ (acknowledge) 认识到 rènshi dào ‹problem, phenomenon›
▸ we recognized it as a genuine need 我们意识到这是个真实的需求 
▸ they refuse to recognize that they have done wrong 他们拒不承认他们做错了 
▸ nobody had recognized his artistic gift 没人赏识他的艺术天分 



recollect | BrE ˌrɛkəˈlɛkt, AmE ˌrɛkəˈlɛkt | A. transitive verb 回忆起 huíyì qǐ ‹number, date, childhood›
▸ I can recollect meeting the Governor 我能回忆起见州长的情形 
▸ I recollect that she was veiled 我记得她戴着面纱 B. intransitive verb 回忆 huíyì 
▸ as far as I recollect 据我回忆 



recur | BrE rɪˈkəː, AmE rəˈkər | intransitive verb present participle recurring past tense, past participle recurred ① (happen again) «error, circumstances, theme, phrase» 再现 zàixiàn ;
 «illness, symptom» 复发 fùfā ② (return to one's mind) «idea, memory» 重新忆起 chóngxīn yìqǐ ③ (repeat infinitely) «digit, number» 循环 xúnhuán 



redo | BrE riːˈduː, AmE riˈdu | transitive verb past tense redid past participle redone ① (do again) 重做 chóng zuò ‹job, assignment›② informal (redecorate) 重新装饰 chóngxīn zhuāngshì ‹room›



reduce | BrE rɪˈdjuːs,rɪˈdʒuːs, AmE rəˈd(j)us | A. transitive verb ① (make less) 减少 jiǎnshǎo ‹quantity, pressure, cost›;
 降低 jiàngdī ‹level, rate›;
 减轻 jiǎnqīng ‹swelling, weight›;
 削弱 xuēruò ‹strength, effect›;
 缩短 suōduǎn ‹length›
▸ to reduce speed 减速 
▸ ‘reduce speed now’ Motor Vehicles “减速行驶” ② Business 降低 jiàngdī ‹price›;
 降低…的价格 jiàngdī… de jiàgé ‹item, goods›
▸ to reduce the price by 10% 打九折 
▸ the carpet was reduced in a sale 大减价时这条地毯降了价 
▸ the jackets have been reduced by 50% 夹克衫五折销售 
▸ to reduce sth (from sth) to sth;
 将某事物（从某水平）减少到某水平 ③ (make smaller) 缩小 suōxiǎo ‹map, drawing›④ (shorten in length) 减少…的篇幅 jiǎnshǎo… de piānfú ‹essay, report›
▸ to reduce an article by 200 words 把文章删减200字 ⑤ (shorten in duration) 缩短 suōduǎn 
▸ the law reduced the term of conscription from three years to two 该法令将服兵役年限从3年缩短至2年 
▸ the ban on her competing was reduced by two years 她的禁赛期限缩短了2年 
▸ the judge reduced his sentence by six months 法官将他的刑期减少了6个月 ⑥ (bring forcibly) 迫使 pòshǐ 
▸ to reduce sb to sth;
 迫使某人进入某状态 
▸ to reduce sb to tears 使某人流泪 
▸ to be reduced to silence/prostitution 被迫缄口/卖淫 
▸ to reduce sb to doing sth;
 迫使某人做某事 
▸ to be reduced to begging/apologizing 被迫乞讨/道歉 ⑦ (change physical state) 改变…的状态 gǎibiàn… de zhuàngtài 
▸ to reduce sth to sth;
 把某物变成某物 
▸ to reduce sth to shreds/ashes 把某物撕碎/使某物化为灰烬 
▸ to reduce sth to dust/(a) powder 使某物成为尘土/粉末 ⑧ 
▸ Military to reduce sb to sth;
 把某人降至某级别 bǎ mǒu rén jiàng zhì mǒu jíbié 
▸ to be reduced to the ranks 被降为普通士兵 bèi jiàngwéi pǔtōng shìbīng ⑨ (simplify) 简化 jiǎnhuà ‹argument, issue›
▸ to reduce sth to sth;
 将某事物简化为某事物 
▸ we can reduce the problem to two main issues 我们可以把这个问题概括为两个要点 ⑩ Cooking 使…变浓 shǐ… biànnóng ‹liquid, sauce›
▸ to reduce the stock to about a third/by half 使汤浓缩至原来的三分之一/一半 ⑪ Mathematics 约简 yuējiǎn ‹equation, expression›
▸ to reduce sth (from sth) to sth;
 将某物（从某物）约简为某物 B. intransitive verb ① (become less) «quantity, pressure, cost» 减少 jiǎnshǎo ;
 «level, rate» 降低 jiàngdī ;
 «swelling, weight» 减轻 jiǎnqīng ;
 «length» 缩短 suōduǎn ;
 «strength, effect» 削弱 xuēruò 
▸ inflation has reduced since … 通货膨胀自…后已减缓 
▸ shareholders’funds have reduced by £3 million 股东资金减少了300万英镑 
▸ by 1995 this figure had reduced (from 5%) to under 4% 截至1995年这个数字已（从5%）降至4%以下 ② Cooking «liquid, sauce» 变浓 biànnóng 
▸ let the stock reduce to half its volume 让汤浓缩至原来的一半 ③ (mainly US) informal (lose weight) 减肥 jiǎnféi 
▸ she's reducing again 她又在减肥了 



refer | BrE rɪˈfəː, AmE rəˈfər | present participle referring past tense, past participle referred transitive verb 退回 tuìhuí 
▸ the cheque has been referred 支票遭拒付 PHRASAL VERBS refer back: transitive verb ① 
▸ to refer back to sb/sth (mention) 提起某人/某事物 tíqǐ mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù ② 
▸ to refer sth back to sb/sth (send back) 将…发回至某人/某处 jiāng… fāhuí zhì mǒu rén/mǒu chù ‹matter, decision, question›refer to A. [refer to sb/sth] transitive verb ① (allude to, talk about) 提及 tíjí 
▸ I wasn't referring to you 我指的不是你 
▸ we shall not refer to it again 我们不会再提它了 
▸ what can she have been referring to? 她指的会是什么？ 
▸ to refer to sb by name 提到某人的姓名 
▸ referring to your letter of 10 June formal 参阅您6月10日的来函 ② (call) 称呼 chēnghu 
▸ to refer to sb/sth as sb/sth;
 称呼某人/某事物为某人/某事物 
▸ this is what I refer/what is referred to as ‘art’ 这就是我所说的/所谓的“艺术” 
▸ he's always referred to as ‘the secretary’ 大家总是叫他“秘书” 
▸ don't refer to him as an idiot 别叫他白痴 ③ (apply to) «remark, comment» 适用于 shìyòng yú ④ (signify) «term, name, number, date» 指的是 zhǐ de shì ⑤ (consult) 参考 cānkǎo ‹notes, article›;
 查阅 cháyuè ‹dictionary, original›;
 请教 qǐngjiào ‹person›
▸ ‘please refer to page 1’ “请参见第一页” 
▸ she referred to the director 她请示了主管 
▸ ‘refer to drawer’ British “请与出票人接洽” [支票背面戳记] ⑥ 
▸ (pass on) to refer sth to sb/sth;
 将…提交某人/某处 jiāng… tíjiāo mǒu rén/mǒu chù ‹problem, enquiry›
▸ to refer a dispute to arbitration 将纠纷提交仲裁 jiāng jiūfēn tíjiāo zhòngcái 
▸ we referred the matter to the committee for a decision 我们将问题提交给委员会裁定 B. [refer sb to sth] transitive verb formal (direct attention of) 让…参考 ràng… cānkǎo 
▸ the reader is referred to chapter four 读者请参阅第4章 
▸ may I refer you to my letter of 14 May? 请你看一下我5月14日的信好吗？ C. [refer sb to sb/sth] transitive verb ① Administration 让…向…求助 ràng… xiàng… qiúzhù ‹person, department›
▸ she was referred to the enquiry office 有人指点她去问讯处询问 ② Medicine 让…转诊到…处 ràng… zhuǎnzhěn dào… chù ‹specialist, psychiatrist, hospital›
▸ she was referred to a clinical psychologist for counselling 她被转诊到临床心理学家处做心理咨询 



reflect | BrE rɪˈflɛkt, AmE rəˈflɛkt | A. transitive verb ① (show image of) «window, water, mirror» 映出 yìngchū ② (throw back) «surface, sand» 反射 fǎnshè ‹light, heat, sound›
▸ to bask in reflected glory figurative 沾别人的光 ③ (embody, represent) 显示 xiǎnshì ‹tastes, growth, problems›
▸ a cultural development that reflects a change in values 反映价值观变化的文化发展 
▸ his music reflects his feelings 他的音乐表达了他的感情 ④ (think) 认真思考 rènzhēn sīkǎo 
▸ to reflect that …;
 琢磨着… B. intransitive verb (think) 深思 shēnsī 
▸ to reflect on or upon sth;
 思考某事 PHRASAL VERB reflect on, reflect upon transitive verb «behaviour, courage, betrayal» 导致 dǎozhì ;
 «scandal, accusation, incident» 给…带来影响 gěi… dàilái yǐngxiǎng 
▸ a success that reflects great credit on all concerned 给所有相关人员带来荣誉的成功 
▸ how is this going to reflect on the school? 这对学校的声誉会有什么影响？ 
▸ to reflect badly/well on sb/sth 给某人/某事物造成坏的/好的影响 



refuse1 | BrE rɪˈfjuːz, AmE rəˈfjuz | A. transitive verb ① (decline) 拒绝 jùjué 
▸ he refused to leave 他拒绝离开 
▸ the car refused to start 汽车发动不起来 ② (withhold, deny) 拒绝给予 jùjué jǐyǔ 
▸ the bank refused them the loan 银行拒绝给他们贷款 ③ (turn down) 回绝 huíjué ‹gift, offer›
▸ she refused him 她拒绝了他的求婚 ④ Riding 拒绝跳跃 jùjué tiàoyuè B. intransitive verb ① (in response to order) 拒绝 jùjué 
▸ I asked her to leave, but she refused 我让她离开，但她拒绝了 ② (in response to request) 不答应 bù dāying 
▸ we asked her for a day off, but she refused 我们向她请一天假，但她没有答应 ③ (in response to offer) 回绝 huíjué 
▸ he offered to drive but I refused 他提出让他来开车，我没同意 ④ Riding 拒跳障碍物 jù tiào zhàng'àiwù 



regard | BrE rɪˈɡɑːd, AmE rəˈɡɑrd | A. noun ① uncountable formal (consideration) 考虑 kǎolǜ 
▸ regard for sb/sth;
 对某人/某事物的考虑 
▸ to do sth without regard for or to sb/sth 不考虑某人/某事物做某事 
▸ he was driving without regard to the speed limits 他开着车，根本不顾限速是多少 
▸ he had acted without regard for the rules 他没有按规定行事 
▸ to do sth with scant or little/no regard for sb/sth 根本不考虑某人/某事做某事 
▸ to have or pay (proper or due) regard to sb/sth （适当）考虑某人/某事物 
▸ to show regard for sb/sth 顾及某人/某事物 
▸ out of regard for sb/sth 出于对某人/某事物的考虑 ② uncountable and countable formal (esteem) 尊敬 zūnjìng 
▸ sb's regard for sb/sth;
 某人对某人/某事物的尊敬 
▸ to have little regard for money 对钱不屑一顾 
▸ to hold sb/sth in high/low regard 对某人/某事物评价高/低 
▸ to have (a) great or a high regard for sb/sth 对某人极其敬佩/对某事物评价很高 ③ uncountable and countable formal (respect, consideration) 方面 fāngmiàn 
▸ in this/that regard 在这/那方面 
▸ she is very careful in this regard 她在这一点上非常谨慎 
▸ with or in regard to sb/sth 关于某人/某事物 
▸ he made enquiries with regard to her 他询问了有关她的情况 
▸ with regard to the question of pay, I would like to say that … 关于工资问题，我要说的是… 
▸ having regard to sb/sth 关于某人/某事物 ④ countable literary (gaze) 注视 zhùshì 
▸ beneath their clear/piercing regard 在他们清澈/锐利目光的注视下 B. regards plural noun 问候 wènhòu 
▸ kindest or warmest regards 最衷心的问候 
▸ with kind regards 谨致问候 
▸ to give sb one's regards 向某人问好 
▸ give them my regards 代我向他们问好 
▸ to send one's regards 传达问候 C. as regards preposition phrase formal 关于 guānyú 
▸ as regards the question of pay, I would like to point out that … 关于报酬问题，我要指出的是… 
▸ as regards content, the programme will … 至于内容，本节目将… D. transitive verb ① (consider) 看待 kàndài 
▸ her work is very highly regarded 人们对她的工作评价很高 
▸ they regard him very highly 他们很器重他 
▸ to regard sb/sth with sth;
 以…的态度看待某人/某事物 ‹contempt, suspicion›
▸ he regards me with favour 他很赏识我 
▸ to regard sb/sth as sth;
 将某人/某事物当作某情况 
▸ I regard her achievement as unique 我认为她的成就独一无二 ② formal (look at) 注视 zhùshì 
▸ to regard sb/sth closely 紧盯着某人/某物 ③ formal (pay attention to) 考虑 kǎolǜ ‹advice›
▸ without regarding our wishes 未考虑我们的愿望 ④ formal (concern) «point» 涉及 shèjí ‹topic›
▸ the next item on the agenda regards our current situation 议事日程上的下一项与我们的现状有关 



regret | BrE rɪˈɡrɛt, AmE rəˈɡrɛt | A. transitive verb present participle regretting past tense, past participle regretted ① (be sorry for) 为…懊悔 wèi… àohuǐ ‹words, mistake›
▸ I regret my decision 我后悔作了这个决定 
▸ you won't regret it! 你绝不会后悔的！ 
▸ to regret doing sth;
 后悔做某事 
▸ I regretted having left so early 我后悔这么早就离开了 
▸ to live to regret sth 为某事抱憾终生 ② (feel sad about) 为…惋惜 wèi… wǎnxī ‹death, absence›
▸ we regret to hear that you have been ill 听说你病了，我们感到很难过 ③ (express apology for) 对…表示遗憾 duì… biǎoshì yíhàn ‹fact, situation›
▸ your court case is not going at all well, I regret to say 说来很遗憾，你的案子进展得很不顺利 B. noun ① uncountable (remorse) 懊悔 àohuǐ 
▸ to feel/express regret for one's actions/words;
 对某人的行为/言辞感到/表示懊悔 
▸ with regret 懊悔地 ② uncountable (sadness) 惋惜 wǎnxī 
▸ our regret at his death/the sad news/your loss 我们对他的死/这不幸消息/痛失所爱的惋惜 
▸ with regret 惋惜地 ③ countable and uncountable (disappointment) 遗憾 yíhàn 
▸ regrets about sth 对某事物的遗憾 ④ countable and uncountable (apology) 道歉 dàoqiàn 
▸ please give your grandmother my regrets 请向你祖母转达我的歉意 



relate | BrE rɪˈleɪt, AmE rəˈleɪt | A. transitive verb ① (connect) 把…联系起来 bǎ… liánxì qilai ‹person, object, idea›
▸ a supercomputer could relate all those factors 超级计算机能将所有那些因素联系起来 
▸ to relate sb/sth and or to sb/sth;
 将某人/某事物与某人/某事物联系起来 
▸ logic is chiefly concerned with relating cause and effect 逻辑主要是建立因果之间的联系 ② formal (recount) 讲 jiǎng ‹tale, story›;
 讲述 jiǎngshù ‹adventures, happenings›
▸ to relate sth to sb;
 把某事讲给某人听 
▸ she related how he had run away from home 她讲述了他是如何离家出走的 
▸ in his memoirs he relates that they first met in Shanghai 在回忆录中他讲述说他们在上海初次相遇 B. intransitive verb 有关联 yǒu guānlián 
▸ the two things relate 这两件事是有联系的 PHRASAL VERB relate to A. [relate to sb/sth] transitive verb ① (concern) 涉及 shèjí 
▸ the figures relate to last year 这些数字是去年的 
▸ everything relating to him or that relates to him 所有牵涉到他的东西 ② (identify with) 理解某人/某事物 lǐjiě mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù 
▸ I can't relate to the painting 我看不懂这幅画 
▸ I can relate to that! 那个我懂！ 
▸ an image that people can relate to 人们能理解的形象 
▸ to relate to avant garde music 了解前卫音乐 B. [relate to sb] transitive verb (communicate with) 与…沟通 yǔ… gōutōng 
▸ the way children relate to their teachers 孩子与老师交流的方式 



relax | BrE rɪˈlaks, AmE rəˈlæks | A. transitive verb ① (slacken) 使…松弛 shǐ… sōngchí ‹muscle, limb›;
 松开 sōngkāi ‹grip›;
 使…松懈 shǐ… sōngxiè ‹vigilance, concentration, attention›② (moderate) 放宽 fàngkuān ‹tariffs, sanctions›
▸ the government has relaxed its immigration procedures 政府已经简化了移民手续 B. intransitive verb ① (unwind) 放松 fàngsōng 
▸ everyone needs to relax sometimes 每个人都不时需要放松一下 ② (loosen up) «person, manner» 变得随和 biàn de suíhe 
▸ her face relaxed into a smile 她转而轻松一笑 



rely | BrE rɪˈlʌɪ, AmE rəˈlaɪ | intransitive verb ① (be dependent) 依靠 yīkào 
▸ to rely on or upon sb/sth;
 依靠某人/某事物 
▸ she relied entirely on her writing for her income 她完全靠写作挣钱 ② (trust) 信赖 xìnlài 
▸ to rely on or upon sb/sth;
 信任某人/某事物 
▸ government statistics are not to be relied on 政府的统计不可信 
▸ one can never rely on the weather in Britain 英国的天气根本靠不住 



remain | BrE rɪˈmeɪn, AmE rəˈmeɪn | intransitive verb ① (stay in same place) 逗留 dòuliú 
▸ to remain behind 留下 ② (stay in same condition) 保持不变 bǎochí bùbiàn 
▸ your season ticket will remain valid until the end of the year 你的季票有效期一直到年底 
▸ her question remains unanswered 她的问题仍未得到解答 
▸ the location of the treasure remains a secret to this day 那批财宝的存放地点直到今天仍是个秘密 ③ (be left over) 剩下 shèngxia 
▸ if any bread remains, give it to the birds 如果有剩余面包的话，喂给鸟吃吧 
▸ a lot of work remains to be done 还有许多活儿要干 
▸ it remains to be seen whether her leg is broken or not 她的腿是否骨折有待检查 ④ (continue to exist) 遗留 yíliú 
▸ not much remained of the aircraft after it crashed 飞机坠毁以后残骸所剩无几 



remake A. transitive verb | BrE riːˈmeɪk, AmE riˈmeɪk | past tense, past participle remade 重做 chóng zuò ‹model›;
 重拍 chóng pāi ‹film›;
 重建 chóng jiàn ‹society›;
 重铺 chóng pū ‹bed›B. noun | BrE ˈriːmeɪk, AmE ˈriˌmeɪk | (film) 新版电影 xīnbǎn diànyǐng ;
 (piece of music) 新版音乐 xīnbǎn yīnyuè 



remove | BrE rɪˈmuːv, AmE rəˈmuv | A. transitive verb ① (take away) 拿走 názǒu ‹object›;
 带走 dàizǒu ‹person›
▸ the waiter came and removed their plates 侍者过来收走了他们的盘子 
▸ remove the prisoner! 把这个犯人带下去！ 
▸ to remove sb/sth from sth;
 将某人从某处带走/将某物从某处移走 
▸ we've decided to remove our children from the school 我们已决定让孩子们转学了 
▸ three children were removed from the school for persistent bad behaviour 3个孩子因一贯表现恶劣被学校开除了 
▸ over 30 bodies were removed from the rubble 从瓦砾堆中清理出30多具尸体 
▸ she removed her hand from his shoulder 她把手从他肩上挪开 
▸ the product was removed from the market 该产品已从市场撤回 
▸ to be removed to hospital British 被送往医院 ② (free) 取消 qǔxiāo 
▸ to remove sb/sth from sth;
 (from control) 解除某事物对某人/某事物的控制 (from protection) 撤除某事物对某人/某事物的保护 
▸ to remove the industry from state control 取消对该产业的政府监管 
▸ they have removed thousands of needy youngsters from the benefit system 他们将数千名贫困儿童排除在了福利体制之外 ③ (take off) 脱下 tuōxia ‹clothing, shoes›;
 摘下 zhāixia ‹hat, glasses›;
 拆下 chāixia ‹bandage›
▸ I went to the hospital to have my plaster removed 我去医院拆了石膏 ④ (take out) 取下 qǔxia ‹dentures, glass eye›⑤ (get rid of) 去除 qùchú ‹dirt, nail polish, unwanted hair›
▸ to remove one's make-up 卸妆 
▸ to remove sth from sth;
 从某处去除某物 ⑥ Medicine (extract, excise) 拔下 báxia ‹tooth›;
 切除 qiēchú ‹appendix, tonsils, tumour, organ›⑦ (oust) 把…免职 bǎ… miǎnzhí ‹official›;
 辞退 cítuì ‹employee›
▸ to remove sb from sth;
 免除某人的 ‹position›
▸ to be removed from office/power 被撤职/被罢免 ⑧ (dispel) 消除 xiāochú ‹threat, boredom›;
 打消 dǎxiāo ‹doubt, fears›;
 排除 páichú ‹obstacle›;
 解决 jiějué ‹problem›⑨ (cause to disappear) 去除 qùchú ‹stain, dirt›⑩ (delete) 删去 shānqù ‹passage, word, scene›
▸ to remove sth from sth;
 将某物从某处删掉 ⑪ Computing 删除 shānchú ‹software, program, file›
▸ to remove sth from sth;
 将某物从…上删除 ‹computer, disk›⑫ (abolish) 取消 qǔxiāo ‹tax, subsidy, barrier›⑬ euphemistic (kill) 干掉 gàndiào ‹opponent, enemy›⑭ (in kinship) 隔代的 gé dài de 
▸ cousin once/twice removed (male on father's side) 堂侄/堂侄孙 (female on father's side) 堂侄女/堂侄孙女 (male on mother's side) 表侄/表侄孙 (female on mother's side) 表侄女/表侄孙女 B. intransitive verb dated «person, family» 搬家 bānjiā ;
 «company» 搬迁 bānqiān 
▸ to remove to a country/city;
 搬到某国/某城市 C. to remove oneself reflexive verb formal 走开 zǒukāi 
▸ to remove oneself to a country/city;
 去某国/某城市 qù mǒu guó/mǒu chéngshì D. noun formal 间距 jiānjù 
▸ to be (at) one remove from sb/sth 与某人/某事物隔开一段距离 
▸ to live at one remove from reality 生活在现实之外 
▸ to be several/many removes from sb/sth 与某人/某事物相差颇远/很远 
▸ life in some villages is only a few removes from a feudal society 某些村庄的生活与封建社会相差无几 
▸ it is a far remove from sth (to sth) 从某事物（到某事物）差距很大 
▸ at this remove 如此看来 



rend | BrE rɛnd, AmE rɛnd | transitive verb past tense, past participle rent ① literal (tear, rip) 撕扯 sīchě ‹hair, clothes, curtain›;
 «explosion» 炸碎 zhàsuì ‹wall›
▸ to rend to pieces 撕成碎片 
▸ to rend in two 撕成两半 ② figurative (tear apart) 使…分崩离析 shǐ… fēn bēng lí xī ‹family, community›;
 «sound» 划破 huápò ‹air›;
 打破 dǎpò ‹silence›;
 «experience» 撕裂 sīliè ‹heart›



renew | BrE rɪˈnjuː, AmE rəˈn(j)u | transitive verb ① (resume) 重新开始 chóngxīn kāishǐ ‹relationship, negotiations, efforts›② (repeat) 重申 chóngshēn ‹protest, promise›;
 重新提出 chóngxīn tíchū ‹offer, bid›③ (extend validity of) 续签 xùqiān ‹contract›;
 延长…的期限 yáncháng… de qīxiàn ‹licence, visa, loan›
▸ to renew a library book/a subscription 续借图书馆的书/续订 ④ (replace) 更换 gēnghuàn ‹light bulb, tyres, battery›;
 (replenish) 补充 bǔchōng ‹goods, stocks›⑤ (restore) 恢复 huīfù ‹strength, courage›



renounce | BrE rɪˈnaʊns, AmE rəˈnaʊns | transitive verb ① (abandon) 宣布放弃 xuānbù fàngqì ‹title, privilege, ownership›② (give up) 抛弃 pāoqì ‹principles, religious belief, family›;
 退出 tuìchū ‹treaty›
▸ to renounce the world 脱离红尘 ③ (reject) 摒弃 bìngqì ‹smoking, gambling, alcohol›④ (stop) 宣布停止 xuānbù tíngzhǐ ‹violence, force, war›



repair | BrE rɪˈpɛː, AmE rəˈpɛr | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (of furniture, window, pipe, machine, roof) 修理 xiūlǐ ;
 (of wall, road, building) 整修 zhěngxiū ;
 (of clothes, carpet, sheet) 缝补 féngbǔ 
▸ ‘heel repairs while you wait’ “修理鞋后跟，立等可取” 
▸ a repair to sth;
 对某物的修理 
▸ to do or carry out repairs (to or on sth) 修理（某物） 
▸ to undergo repairs 接受修理 
▸ my car had to undergo extensive repairs after the accident 车祸后我的车只好进行大修 
▸ to take sth in for repair 将某物送去修理 
▸ to be (badly) in need of repair （非常）需要维修 
▸ to be under repair 正在修理 
▸ to be (damaged) beyond repair （损坏得）无法修理 
▸ extensive repair work 大修工作 
▸ a TV repair shop 电视机修理铺 ② uncountable formal (condition) 状况 zhuàngkuàng 
▸ to be in a good/bad state of repair, to be in good/bad repair 状况良好/不佳 
▸ that jacket of yours looks in a pretty poor state of repair! 你的那件夹克衫看起来真破！ 
▸ he was generally in a pretty poor state of repair humorous 他总是一副邋遢样儿 
▸ to keep sth in good repair 使某物保持状况良好 B. transitive verb ① (mend) 修理 xiūlǐ ‹furniture, window, pipe, machine, roof›;
 整修 zhěngxiū ‹wall, road, building›;
 缝补 féngbǔ ‹clothes, carpet, sheet›
▸ to have sth repaired;
 让人修理某物 
▸ it isn’t worth having it repaired 这东西不值得送去修理了 ② (make good) 修复 xiūfù ‹damage›
▸ builders have been working seven days a week to repair the storm damage 建筑工人一周工作7天来修复暴风雨造成的破坏 ③ figurative (put right) 弥补 míbǔ ‹wrong›;
 补偿 bǔcháng ‹damage›;
 补救 bǔjiù ‹relations›
▸ it was too late to repair their relationship 要挽回他们的关系已经太迟了 C. intransitive verb formal (go) 去 qù 
▸ we repaired to the tranquillity of a quiet cafe 我们去享受咖啡馆的恬静 



repeat | BrE rɪˈpiːt, AmE rəˈpit | A. transitive verb ① (say again) 重复说 chóngfù shuō ;
 (write again) 重复写 chóngfù xiě 
▸ could you repeat that once more? 请再说一遍好吗？ 
▸ the opposition have been repeating their calls for … 反对派在反复要求… 
▸ to repeat the same old thing 老调重弹 
▸ the claims are, I repeat, totally unfounded 这些要求，我再说一遍，是毫无道理的 
▸ I am not, repeat not, travelling in the same car as him! 我不，再说一遍，不和他乘同一辆车！ 
▸ to repeat (that) …;
 重复说… 
▸ to be repeated «event, attack» 再次发生 ② (pass on) 转述 zhuǎnshù ‹gossip, secret›
▸ I'm only repeating what I've heard! 我只是把我听到的话告诉你！ 
▸ the rumour has been widely repeated in the press 报界普遍转载了这一传闻 
▸ to repeat sth to sb;
 将某事告诉某人 
▸ I don’t want you to repeat a word of this to anyone 这件事我希望你一个字也不要告诉别人 ③ (say verbatim) 复述 fùshù 
▸ to repeat sth word for word 一字不差地复述某事 
▸ to repeat sth after sb;
 跟着某人读 ‹sentence, word›④ (redo, rerun) 重复 chóngfù ‹mistake, experiment, pattern›
▸ they are hoping to repeat last year’s victory 他们希望像去年一样再次获胜 
▸ the Americans plan to repeat their attempt to launch a spacecraft 美国人计划再次尝试发射一部航天器 
▸ a bargain offer that cannot be repeated 机不可失的减价优惠 ⑤ Radio, Television 重播 chóngbō ‹programme, series›⑥ School 重读 chóngdú ‹class, grade›;
 重修 chóngxiū ‹course, subject›⑦ Music 重奏 chóngzòu ‹passage, motif›B. intransitive verb ① (do again) 重复 chóngfù 
▸ lift and lower the right leg 20 times;
 repeat with the left leg 右腿提放20次，左腿重复该动作 ② (mainly British) (be tasted again) 返味 fǎn wèi 
▸ cucumber has a tendency to repeat 吃了黄瓜口中会有一股味儿 
▸ to repeat on sb;
 在某人口中留有余味 C. reflexive verb ① to repeat oneself (say the same thing) 重复说过的话 chóngfù shuōguo de huà ② to repeat itself (recur) 重复发生 chóngfù fāshēng 
▸ history is repeating itself 历史正在重演 lìshǐ zhèngzài chóngyǎn D. noun ① Radio, Television 重播节目 chóngbō jiémù 
▸ is it a new series? — no, a repeat 这是新的连续剧吗？── 不，是重播的 ② (of event, performance) 重演 chóngyǎn ;
 (of action, statement) 重复 chóngfù 
▸ a repeat of the 1906 earthquake could kill up to 11,000 people 如果再发生1906年的地震，死亡人数可能会达到11,000人 
▸ repeat orders/attacks 续订的订单/后续攻击 ③ Music (passage) 反复段 fǎnfùduàn ;
 (mark) 反复符 fǎnfùfú 



replace | BrE rɪˈpleɪs, AmE rəˈpleɪs | transitive verb ① (put back) 放回 fànghuí 
▸ please replace all books on the shelf after use 用完后请把所有的书放回到书架上 ② (take the place of) 取代 qǔdài 
▸ Mr Smith replaces Mr Brown as area manager 史密斯先生接替布朗先生做地区经理 
▸ craft workers are being replaced by electronic machines 手艺工正在被电子仪器所取代 
▸ he could find nobody to replace her in his affections 他对她的感情无人能代替 ③ (supply replacement for) 更换 gēnghuàn ‹goods, property›



reply | BrE rɪˈplʌɪ, AmE rəˈplaɪ | A. noun ① (answer) 答复 dáfù 
▸ to make no reply 不回答 
▸ in reply to your letter of 26th January … 1月26日来函收悉，现答复… ② (response) 回应 huíyìng 
▸ a shrug of the shoulders was his only reply 耸肩就是他的唯一反应 B. intransitive verb ① (answer) 答复 dáfù 
▸ none of my letters have been replied to as yet 迄今为止我所有的信都未得到答复 
▸ to reply to an email/text message 回复电子邮件/短信 ② (respond) 回应 huíyìng 
▸ she replied with a smile 她以微笑作答 C. transitive verb 回答道 huídá dào 



report | BrE rɪˈpɔːt, AmE rəˈpɔrt | A. noun ① (written or spoken assessment of situation) 报告 bàogào 
▸ a police/medical report 警方/医疗报告 
▸ a report on sb/sth;
 关于某人/某事物的报告 
▸ I want a full report of your date tomorrow morning humorous 你明天上午给我详细汇报约会的事 ② (notification) 通报 tōngbào 
▸ a report of sth;
 关于…的通报 ‹illness, crime, accident›③ (official document) 调查报告 diàochá bàogào 
▸ an air accident report 航空意外事故调查报告 
▸ a report on sth;
 关于某事物的调查报告 
▸ to deliver/prepare/publish a report (on sth) 发布/准备/发表（关于某事物的）调查报告 
▸ to present a report to sb/sth 向某人/某机构呈交调查报告 
▸ an annual report 年度报告 
▸ the chairman's/committee's report 董事长/委员会的报告 ④ Journalism, Radio, Television 报道 bàodào 
▸ to carry a report (of sth) 登载（关于某事物的）报道 
▸ a report on sb/sth;
 关于某人/某事物的报道 
▸ a newspaper/press/TV report 报纸/报刊/电视报道 
▸ a news report 新闻报道 
▸ a report from sb/sth;
 来自某人/某处的报道 ⑤ (rumour) 传闻 chuánwén 
▸ according to reports, … 据传… 
▸ to get reports of sth 获悉关于某事物的传闻 
▸ conflicting reports of or as to sth 关于某事物的自相矛盾的传闻 
▸ I've heard reports that … 我听说… 
▸ reports are circulating that … 人们纷纷传说… ⑥ British School (on student’s work) 成绩报告单 chéngjì bàogàodān 
▸ to get a good/bad report 成绩出色/糟糕 
▸ he received a glowing report 他成绩优异 
▸ to give sb a good/bad report 给某人一张出色/糟糕的成绩报告单 ⑦ US School (review) 读书报告 dúshū bàogào 
▸ to write a report (on sth) 写（关于某书的）读书报告 ⑧ (of gun) 枪声 qiāngshēng ;
 (of shell, explosion, firework) 爆炸声 bàozhà shēng 
▸ the tyre exploded with a loud report 随着一声巨响，轮胎爆了 B. transitive verb ① (relay) 汇报 huìbào ‹fact, findings, progress›
▸ I have nothing to report 我没什么要汇报的 
▸ to report sth to sb/sth;
 向某人/某处汇报 ‹result, decision›
▸ to report (that) …;
 汇报说… 
▸ to report sb/sth (as) sth;
 宣布某人/某事物处于某状态 
▸ the doctor reported the patient fully recovered 医生说这名病人已完全康复 
▸ to report sb/sth as doing sth;
 宣布某人/某物做某事 
▸ the house was reported as being in excellent condition 据说这幢房子状况极佳 
▸ to report doing sth;
 陈述做过某事 
▸ the neighbours reported seeing him leave the building around noon 邻居们反映中午时分看见他离开了大楼 
▸ to be reported to do sth;
 据说做某事 
▸ she was reported by the hospital spokesman to be making excellent progress 医院发言人说她恢复得相当快 ② Journalism, Radio, Television 报道 bàodào 
▸ the papers reported their presence in Paris 各家报纸报道他们在巴黎现身 
▸ it was reported that … 据报道… 
▸ to report sb/sth to be sth;
 报道某人/某事物处于某状态 
▸ the newspaper reported him to be dead 报纸报道他死了 ③ (allege) 传闻 chuánwén 
▸ it is reported that …;
 据传… 
▸ to be reported to do/as doing sth;
 据传做某事 
▸ she is reported to have changed her mind 据说她改主意了 
▸ the President is reported as saying that … 据传总统说… ④ (give notification of) 报告 bàogào 
▸ I want to report the loss of a package 我丢了一个包裹，要报案 
▸ reported cases of AIDS 已报告的艾滋病病例 
▸ no casualties have been reported 尚未有人员伤亡的报告 
▸ to report sth to sb;
 向某人报告某事 
▸ to report sb (as) dead/missing 报告某人死亡/失踪 
▸ to report (as) absent without leave 报告擅自缺席 ⑤ (complain about) 举报 jǔbào 
▸ to report sb/sth to sb;
 向某人举报某人/某事 
▸ you will be reported to the boss 我要向老板告发你 
▸ to report sb for sth/doing sth;
 因某事物/做某事而举报某人 
▸ I'm reporting you for insolence/being late 我要投诉你的傲慢无礼/举报你迟到 C. intransitive verb ① 
▸ (give account) to report on sth;
 报告 bàogào ‹situation, progress›
▸ he will report to Parliament on the negotiations 他会向议会汇报谈判事宜 ② (present findings) 公布调查结果 gōngbù diàochá jiéguǒ 
▸ to report on sth;
 公布关于某事物的调查结果 
▸ the committee will report on its research next month 委员会将于下月公布研究结果 ③ Journalism 报道 bàodào 
▸ she's been reporting for over ten years now 她已经当了十多年记者了 
▸ to report on sth;
 报道 bàodào ‹event›
▸ he reports on royal stories for the BBC 他为英国广播公司报道王室新闻 
▸ to report for sb/sth;
 为某人/某处提供新闻报道 
▸ to report from sth;
 从某处进行报道 ④ (present oneself) 报到 bàodào 
▸ to report to sb/sth;
 向某人/到某处报到 
▸ please report to reception on arrival 到达后请到接待处报到 
▸ to report to one's unit Military 到所在部队报到 
▸ to report sick 告病 
▸ to report for duty 报到上班 PHRASAL VERBS report back A. intransitive verb ① (after absence) 报告返回 bàogào fǎnhuí 
▸ to take an hour for lunch and report back at 2 花1小时吃午饭，2点钟返回 
▸ to report back from sth;
 做完某事后报告返回 
▸ he reports back from leave on Wednesday 他将在星期三休假结束后回来上班 ② (present findings) 发回报告 fāhuí bàogào 
▸ to report back to sb/sth;
 向某人/某处发回报告 
▸ to report back about or on sb/sth;
 发回关于某人/某事物的报告 B. transitive verb (relay) 汇报 huìbào 
▸ to report back that …;
 汇报说… report to transitive verb [report to sb] 从属于 cóngshǔ yú ‹manager, superior›
▸ she reports directly to the Head of Department 她直接向部门主管汇报工作 



request | BrE rɪˈkwɛst, AmE rəˈkwɛst | A. noun ① (act of asking) 要求 yāoqiú 
▸ to make a request 提出要求 
▸ to grant/refuse a request 批准/拒绝要求 
▸ at sb's request 应某人要求 
▸ by or on request 经要求 ② Radio 点播节目 diǎnbō jiémù 
▸ to play a request for sb 为某人播放点播节目 B. transitive verb 要求 yāoqiú ‹action, assistance›;
 请求给予 qǐngqiú jǐyǔ ‹bill, facts›
▸ to request sb (not) to do sth 要求某人（不）做某事 
▸ as requested 按照要求 
▸ to request the company of sb 敬请某人的光临 
▸ to request a favour of sb 请求某人帮忙 



resell | BrE riːˈsɛl,ˈriːsɛl, AmE riˈsɛl | transitive verb past tense, past participle resold 转卖 zhuǎnmài 
▸ products can be resold on the black market for huge profits 产品可以在黑市上转卖，获取巨额利润 



resemble | BrE rɪˈzɛmb(ə)l, AmE rəˈzɛmbəl | transitive verb (look like) 像 xiàng ‹person, object›;
 (share features with) 类似于 lèisì yú ‹situation›
▸ she resembles her grandmother 她像她祖母 
▸ he had never had anything resembling a steady job 他从来没有谋到一份称得上稳定的工作 
▸ he resembled nothing so much as a tramp 他跟流浪汉也差不了多少 



reset | BrE riːˈsɛt, AmE riˈsɛt | transitive verb present participle resetting past tense, past participle reset ① (adjust) 调整 tiáozhěng ‹dial, machine›
▸ I must reset my alarm clock 我一定要重新调一下闹钟 ② Medicine 重接 chóng jiē ‹broken bone›③ (of jewellery) 重镶 chóng xiāng ‹gemstone, ring›④ Printing 重排 chóng pái ‹text›⑤ Computing 重设 chóng shè ‹password›;
 重启 chóngqǐ ‹system›



resist | BrE rɪˈzɪst, AmE rəˈzɪst | A. transitive verb ① (fight) 抵抗 dǐkàng ‹enemy, attack›;
 阻止 zǔzhǐ ‹coup›
▸ to resist arrest 拒捕 ② (oppose) 抵制 dǐzhì ‹plan, attempt, takeover›③ (be unaffected by) 抗 kàng ‹heat, cold, rust›
▸ the body's ability to resist disease and infection 身体的抗病和抗感染能力 ④ (refrain from) 拒受…的诱惑 jù shòu… de yòuhuò ‹food, money›
▸ to resist doing sth;
 忍住不做某事 
▸ I couldn't resist having another chocolate 我忍不住又吃了一块巧克力 B. intransitive verb ① (fight) 反抗 fǎnkàng ② (put up opposition) 抵制 dǐzhì 



resolve | BrE rɪˈzɒlv, AmE rəˈzɑlv | A. transitive verb ① (decide firmly) 决定 juédìng 
▸ to resolve that …;
 下决心… 
▸ to resolve to do sth;
 决定做某事 ② (decide by vote) 表决 biǎojué ③ (solve) 解决 jiějué ‹problem, difficulty›;
 化解 huàjiě ‹crisis›④ Physics (separate) 分解 fēnjiě ‹light, gas›⑤ (divide) 解析 jiěxī ‹argument, theory›B. intransitive verb ① (decide) 下决心 xià juéxīn 
▸ they resolved on or upon an early start next morning 他们决定第二天一早出发 ② (separate) «light» 分解 fēnjiě ③ (divide) «argument, theory» 被解析 bèi jiěxī C. noun ① countable (decision) 决定 juédìng 
▸ to make a resolve to do sth;
 决定做某事 ② uncountable (determination) 决心 juéxīn 
▸ to show resolve 表现出决断 
▸ to strengthen sb's resolve 坚定某人的决心 
▸ to be strong/weak in one's resolve 决心很坚定/不坚定 



respect | BrE rɪˈspɛkt, AmE rəˈspɛkt | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (admiration, politeness) 尊敬 zūnjìng 
▸ mutual love and respect 互敬互爱 
▸ respect for sb/sth;
 对某人/某事物的尊敬 
▸ to have (the greatest or highest) respect for sb/sth （极其）敬重某人/某事物 
▸ to win or earn/enjoy the respect of sb 赢得/受到某人的尊敬 
▸ to command respect 值得尊敬 
▸ to do sth as a mark or token of respect 做某事以示尊敬 
▸ in Japan you are taught great respect for your elders 在日本，人们会教你尊重长辈 
▸ you've got no respect! 你不尊重人！ 
▸ to show no respect for sb, to show sb no respect 不敬重某人 
▸ to treat sb with respect 尊重某人 
▸ everyone has a right to be treated with respect 每个人都有权得到尊重 
▸ out of respect 出于尊重 
▸ with (all due or the utmost) respect formal 恕我直言 ② uncountable (consideration) 考虑 kǎolǜ 
▸ to have no respect (for sth) 不考虑（某事物） 
▸ he has no respect for her feelings 他根本不在乎她的感受 
▸ to show no respect for sth, to show sth no respect 不考虑某事物 
▸ I have a lot of respect for people like him 我很重视像他这样的人 
▸ respect for all living creatures 对所有生命的重视 ③ uncountable (for human rights, privacy, the law) 认可 rènkě 
▸ respect for sth;
 对某事物的认可 
▸ a regime with little respect for human rights 无视人权的政体 
▸ to show a lack of respect for authority 表现出对权威的漠视 ④ uncountable (caution) 谨慎态度 jǐnshèn tàidu 
▸ (a healthy) respect for sb/sth;
 （正常的）对待某人/某事物的谨慎态度 
▸ to treat sb/sth with respect 谨慎对待 ‹person› 谨慎使用 jǐnshèn shǐyòng ‹machine, appliance›⑤ countable and uncountable (aspect) 方面 fāngmiàn 
▸ in this/that respect 在这/那方面 
▸ in some/all/many/several/other respects 在某些/所有/许多/几个/其他方面 
▸ in what respect? 在哪方面？ 
▸ in respect of sth formal (concerning) 关于某事物 (in payment for) 作为某事的报酬 
▸ a writ was served on the firm in respect of their unpaid bill 该公司因未付账单而接到法院令状 
▸ money received in respect of overtime 加班所得报酬 
▸ with respect to sth formal 就某方面而言 
▸ to be similar with respect to income and status 在收入和地位方面相似 B. respects plural noun 问候 wènhòu 
▸ they called at his house and offered him their respects 他们去他家问候他 
▸ please pass on my respects to your mother 请代我问候你的母亲 
▸ to pay one's respects (to sb) （向某人）表示问候 
▸ to pay one's last respects (to sb) (at funeral) （向某人遗体）告别 C. transitive verb ① (admire) 尊敬 zūnjìng ‹person›;
 钦佩 qīnpèi ‹ideal, work, purpose›
▸ a man I greatly or deeply respected 我以前非常敬重的人 
▸ she was respected by everyone 她受到所有人的尊敬 
▸ to respect sb/sth for sth;
 因某事物尊敬某人/钦佩某事物 
▸ I respect him for his integrity 我敬佩他的正直 
▸ to respect sb/sth as sth;
 尊敬有某身份的某人/钦佩作为…的某事物 
▸ I respect him as a doctor 我很钦佩他的医术 ② (have regard for) 尊重 zūnzhòng ‹person, feelings, views, rights›
▸ to respect sb's wishes/privacy 尊重某人的愿望/隐私 ③ (not harm) 爱护 àihù ‹property, environment›④ (abide by) 遵守 zūnshǒu ‹treaty, contract›;
 保持 bǎochí ‹neutrality›;
 服从 fúcóng ‹authority›
▸ to respect the law 守法 ⑤ formal (concern) 关于 guānyú 
▸ as respects sth 关于某事物 
▸ as respects your rights in the affair … 关于在这件事中你享有的权利… D. to respect oneself reflexive verb 自重 zìzhòng 



rest1 | BrE rɛst, AmE rɛst | A. noun ① uncountable (repose, inactivity) 休息 xiūxi 
▸ a day of rest 休息日 
▸ to be at rest formal (unworried) 不担心 euphemistic (dead) 安息 ānxī 
▸ my mind is at rest now 我现在不担心了 
▸ to set or put sb's mind at rest 使某人放心 
▸ you can set your mind at rest on that score 在那一点上你可放心 
▸ to lie at rest (in a grave/cemetery) formal euphemistic 被安葬（在墓地/公墓） 
▸ to lay sb to rest formal euphemistic 安葬某人 
▸ he was laid to rest beside his parents 他被葬在父母身边 
▸ to lay sth to rest 终结 ‹doubts, dispute›
▸ rest day/period 休息日/休养期 ② countable (break) 休息时间 xiūxi shíjiān 
▸ we stopped for a well-earned rest 我们停下来好好歇了一会儿 
▸ a rest from sb/sth;
 安置好某人/料理好某事后的休息 
▸ a rest from doing sth;
 做某事的间歇 
▸ at least it's a rest from continually having to watch what I eat 至少这能让我歇口气，用不着一直注意饮食了 
▸ to need a rest (from sth) 需要（停下某事）休息 
▸ to have or take a rest (from sth) （停下某事）休息一段时间 
▸ we took rests every hour or so during the climb 我们在登山过程中每一小时左右休息一次 
▸ to give sb a rest (from sth) 让某人（不做某事）休息一下 
▸ I took the day off just to give myself a rest from the office 我请了一天假，只是为了放下工作休息一下 
▸ to give sth a rest informal 暂停某事 
▸ to give jogging/the television a rest 暂停慢跑锻炼/关掉电视片刻 
▸ give it a rest! British informal 别说了！ 
▸ a change is as good as a rest proverb 改变就相当于休息 ③ countable (support) 撑架 chēngjià 
▸ she put the receiver back on its rest 她把听筒放回机座上 
▸ a rest for a snooker cue 斯诺克球杆支架 ④ uncountable (immobility) 静止 jìngzhǐ 
▸ at rest 静止的 
▸ at rest the insect looks like … 这种昆虫不动时看起来像… 
▸ starting from rest the projectile accelerates at an extremely rapid rate 抛射物进入运动状态后增速极快 
▸ to come to rest 停下 
▸ the lift came to rest at the first floor 电梯停在了二楼 
▸ his eyes came to rest on her face 他的目光停在了她脸上 ⑤ uncountable and countable Music (silence) 休止 xiūzhǐ 
▸ a crotchet/minim rest British 四分音/二分音休止 
▸ a quarter-note/half-note rest US 四分音/二分音休止 
▸ 30 bars' rest 30小节的休止 ⑥ countable Music (sign) 休止符 xiūzhǐfú B. transitive verb ① (allow to relax, recover) 使休息 shǐ xiūxi 
▸ rest your eyes every half an hour 每隔半小时让眼睛休息一次 
▸ God rest his/her soul 愿上帝保佑他/愿她的灵魂得到安息 ② (lean) 使依靠 shǐ yīkào 
▸ to rest sth on or against sth;
 将某物靠在某物上 
▸ rest your head on my shoulder 把你的头靠在我的肩上 
▸ I rested my back against the table leg 我背靠着桌腿 
▸ to rest sth in sth;
 将某物搁在某物里 
▸ he rested his chin in his hands 他两手托着下巴 ③ Law (conclude) 中止 zhōngzhǐ 
▸ to rest one's case 结案 
▸ my standards are not impossibly high! — name somebody who's met them — um … — I rest my case humorous 我的标准并没有高得离谱！── 那么说说有谁达到了呢──嗯…我不多说了 ④ Sport «manager, coach» 让…停赛 ràng… tíngsài ‹player›⑤ Farming 让…休耕 ràng… xiūgēng ‹land, field›C. intransitive verb ① (relax) 休息 xiūxi 
▸ to rest from sth/doing sth;
 停下某事/做某事休息 
▸ he was resting from his labours 他放下活儿正在休息 
▸ you should rest from studying for at least an hour 你应该停止学习，休息至少一个小时 
▸ he/we/they won't rest until … (stop) 他/我们/他们直到…才会停下 (be satisfied) 他/我们/他们直到…才会满意 
▸ I won't rest until I know 我要了解到情况才罢休 
▸ to rest easy 放心 
▸ I can rest easy knowing that she’s safely home 我知道她已平安到家就放心了 ② (be supported) 被支撑 bèi zhīchēng 
▸ to rest on or against sth;
 靠在…上 ‹shoulder, table, wall, fence›
▸ his hands rested lightly on the arms of the chair 他双手轻轻搭在椅子扶手上 
▸ the whole weight of the bridge is resting on those two girders 整个桥的重量都落在那两根座梁上 
▸ he stood there resting on his spade 他拄着铲子站在那儿 ③ (stand, remain) «question, matter» 被搁置 bèi gēzhì 
▸ to let sth rest, to allow sth to rest 搁下某事 
▸ to let things rest 把事情搁置起来 
▸ you can't just let it rest there! 你不能就这么不管了！ 
▸ so that is where things rest for the present 那么这就是目前的状况 ④ US Law «defence, prosecution» 中止 zhōngzhǐ ⑤ euphemistic (be unemployed) 赋闲 fùxián 
▸ to be resting «actor» 无戏可演 ⑥ euphemistic (be buried) 安息 ānxī 
▸ to rest in peace 安息 ānxī PHRASAL VERBS rest in: transitive verb ① [rest sth in sb/sth] (place in) 将…寄托在…上 jiāng… jìtuō zài… shang ‹hopes›② [rest in sth] (lie in) «key, strength» 在于 zàiyú ‹change›
▸ to rest in doing sth;
 在于做某事 
▸ they argued that the solution rested in resurrecting the country's independence 他们主张解决办法在于恢复国家独立 rest on: transitive verb ① [rest on sb/sth] (be directed towards) «eyes, gaze» 凝视 níngshì ② [rest on sb/sth] (depend on) 依靠 yīkào 
▸ all our hopes now rest on you 我们现在就指望你了 
▸ so much rests on the outcome of this trial 很多事都取决于这次审判的结果 ③ [rest on sth] (be based on) «argument, case» 基于 jīyú ‹assumption, premise, reasoning›rest up intransitive verb 好好休息 hǎohǎo xiūxi rest with transitive verb [rest with sb/sth] «decision, choice» 取决于 qǔjué yú 
▸ the final say rests with the regional assemblies 最终还是地区议会说了算 
▸ it rests with sb to do sth;
 某事要由某人来做 



restrain | BrE rɪˈstreɪn, AmE rəˈstreɪn | transitive verb ① (hold back) 阻止 zǔzhǐ ‹person, crowd›
▸ to restrain sb from doing sth;
 阻止某人做某事 ② (physically control) 制止 zhìzhǐ ‹patient›
▸ policemen had to restrain the accused 警察不得不强行控制住被告 
▸ the dog was restrained with a stout lead 那只狗被一条很结实的皮带拴着 ③ (curb) 抑制 yìzhì ‹feelings, laughter›;
 控制 kòngzhì ‹prices, inflation›
▸ to restrain oneself 克制自己 



retain | BrE rɪˈteɪn, AmE rəˈteɪn | transitive verb ① (continue to have) 保留 bǎoliú ‹property, salary, right›;
 保持 bǎochí ‹control, dignity, independence›
▸ to retain one's composure 保持镇静 ② (in memory) 记住 jìzhù ‹fact, memory›
▸ I have retained a vivid image of the accident 我对那次事故记忆犹新 ③ (hold, contain) 挡住 dǎngzhù ‹water, floods›;
 留住 liúzhù ‹moisture›
▸ in winter the sea retains heat longer than the land can 在冬天海洋比陆地保留热量的时间要长 ④ Law 付定金聘定 fù dìngjīn pìn dìng ‹barrister›



retch | BrE rɛtʃ, AmE rɛtʃ | intransitive verb ① (heave) 干呕 gān'ǒu ② (vomit) 呕吐 ǒutù 



retire | BrE rɪˈtʌɪə, AmE rəˈtaɪ(ə)r | A. intransitive verb ① (from work) «person, employee» 退休 tuìxiū 
▸ to retire early or prematurely 提前退休 
▸ retiring age 退休年龄 
▸ the retiring manager 即将退休的经理 ② formal (retreat) 退下 tuìxia 
▸ the jury retired from the courtroom 陪审团退庭 
▸ to retire from public life 从公众视野中消失 
▸ to retire into oneself 冥思苦想 ③ (formal or humorous) (go to bed) 就寝 jiùqǐn ④ Sport 退出比赛 tuìchū bǐsài 
▸ to retire injured 受伤退出比赛 B. transitive verb 使…退休 shǐ… tuìxiū ‹employee›
▸ to be retired on grounds of ill health 病退 
▸ to be compulsorily retired 被强制退休 



return | BrE rɪˈtəːn, AmE rəˈtərn | A. noun ① countable (coming or going back) (to place) 返回 fǎnhuí ;
 (to home) 回家 huí jiā ;
 (to home country) 回国 huí guó 
▸ on sb's return;
 某人返回时 
▸ on my return home 我回到家时 
▸ sb's/sth's return to sth;
 某人/某物的回到某处 
▸ I saw the play on its return to Broadway 这部戏再度在百老汇上演时我看了 
▸ sb's return from sth;
 某人从某处的返回 
▸ her return from sick leave 她病假后回到工作岗位 
▸ they celebrated his safe return from the war 他们庆祝他从战场平安归来 
▸ I'm delaying my return to Rome by three more days 我打算推迟3天再回罗马 
▸ a return visit to sth 重游某地 
▸ a return match 回访赛 ② uncountable and countable (giving or sending back) (of borrowed, stolen object) 归还 guīhuán ;
 (of unwanted object) 退回 tuìhuí ;
 (of person, hostage, child) 送回 sònghuí 
▸ I am hoping for its return 我希望它能被还回来 
▸ on return of the vehicle/documents 归还车辆/送回文件时 
▸ the return of sb/sth to sb/sth;
 将某人/某物交还某人/某处 
▸ by return (of post) British 由下一班邮递 
▸ please reply by return of post 请尽快回复 ③ countable (recurrence) 重现 chóngxiàn 
▸ a return of sth;
 …的重现 ‹feeling, symptoms, doubts› …的恢复 … de huīfù ‹law, practice›
▸ the return of spring 春回大地 
▸ we're hoping for a return of the fine weather 我们盼望天气好转 
▸ many happy returns (of the day) formal (as birthday wish) 祝你长命百岁 ④ countable (resumption) 恢复 huīfù 
▸ a return to sth;
 某事的恢复 
▸ on your return to work 在你重返工作岗位之际 
▸ they appealed for a return to work 他们要求复工 
▸ her return to politics/power 她的重返政界/重新掌权 
▸ a return to normal/the status quo 恢复正常/现状 
▸ a return to one's old habits 恢复旧有习惯 ⑤ uncountable and countable (reward) 回报 huíbào 
▸ a (small) return for sth 对某事的（小小）回报 
▸ this is a poor return for all your kindness 这辜负了你的一片好意 
▸ a return for doing sth;
 对做某事的回报 
▸ in return (in exchange) 作为回报 (in response) 作为回应 
▸ in return I'd like to … 作为回报，我想… 
▸ in return for sth/doing sth (in exchange for) 作为对某事/做某事的回报 
▸ to do sth in return for sth/doing sth;
 做某事以回报某事/做某事 ⑥ uncountable and countable Finance (from land, investment) 收益 shōuyì ;
 (from business, shares) 利润 lìrùn 
▸ a return from sth/doing sth;
 某事/做某事的收益 
▸ a return on an investment;
 一项投资的收益 
▸ a high rate of return on capital 资本的高收益率 
▸ the law of diminishing returns 报酬递减律 ⑦ countable British (ticket for travel) 往返票 wǎngfǎnpiào 
▸ a day/mid-week return 当天/周中往返票 
▸ a return to Cardiff 去加的夫的往返票 ⑧ countable (ticket for performance, event) 退票 tuì piào 
▸ do you get any money back on returns? 票退钱了吗？ 
▸ ‘returns only’ “只有退票” ⑨ countable Business (purchase) 退货 tuì huò ⑩ countable (book) 退书 tuì shū ⑪ uncountable Computing (key) 回车键 huíchējiàn 
▸ to press return 按回车键 ⑫ countable Sport (of ball, shuttlecock) 回击 huíjī 
▸ to hit a winning back-hand return 打出一记制胜的反手球 ⑬ countable (tax form) 报税表 bàoshuìbiǎo ⑭ countable Administration (official statement) 报告 bàogào 
▸ census returns 人口普查报告 ⑮ countable Politics (vote) 选票 xuǎnpiào 
▸ returns from sth;
 来自某处的投票结果 
▸ election returns 选票统计结果 ⑯ uncountable Politics (election) 选举 xuǎnjǔ B. transitive verb ① (give back) 送还 sònghuán 
▸ when does the video have to be returned by? 这盘录像带应该什么时候还？ 
▸ to return sth to sb/sth;
 将某物归还某人/某处 ② (take back) 退回 tuìhuí ‹purchase›;
 归还 guīhuán ‹library book›
▸ returned goods 退货 tuì huò 
▸ to return sth to sb/sth;
 将某物退还某人/某处 ③ (put back) 将…放回原处 jiāng… fànghuí yuánchù 
▸ to return sb/sth to sth;
 将…送回某处 ‹baby, book›
▸ to return sth to its place 将某物放回原处 ④ (send back) 送回 sònghuí ‹person, refugee›;
 将…退回 jiāng… tuìhuí ‹letter, parcel›
▸ to return sb/sth to sb/sth;
 将某人送回/某物退回给某人/到某处 
▸ ‘return to sender’ (on envelope etc.) “退回发件人” ⑤ (in response) 回敬 huíjìng ‹salute›;
 回应 huíyìng ‹wave, greeting›
▸ she returned his kiss 她回吻了他 
▸ it’s time we returned their invitation 我们该回请他们了 
▸ to return the compliment (by doing sth) （通过做某事）回敬 
▸ to return the favour 报答好意 
▸ I'll be glad to return the favour 我会很乐意报答你的帮助 
▸ to return sb's call 给某人回电话 
▸ to return (sb's) fire «troops, police» 还击（某人） ⑥ (reciprocate) 以…回报 yǐ… huíbào ‹feelings›
▸ he loved her, but his love was not returned 他爱她，但他只是一厢情愿 ⑦ Sport 回击 huíjī ‹ball, shuttlecock›
▸ I was finding it impossible to return his serve 我发现没法打回他发的球 ⑧ (reply) 应答 yìngdá 
▸ ‘is that all?’she returned somewhat incredulously “就这些吗？”她有些怀疑地回应说 ⑨ Law 宣告 xuāngào ‹verdict, decision›⑩ Finance (yield) 产生 chǎnshēng ‹profit›
▸ to return approximately 7% after tax 有约7%的税后收益 
▸ to return a loss of £157 million 损失1.57亿英镑 ⑪ British Politics (elect) 选出 xuǎnchū ‹person, candidate›
▸ she was returned with an increased majority 她以更大的优势当选 
▸ to return sb to sth;
 选举某人进入 ‹parliament, House of Commons›
▸ to return sb as MP for …;
 选举某人为…议员 ⑫ (for tax payment) 申报 shēnbào 
▸ to return details of one's income 详细申报收入 C. intransitive verb ① (to place) 返回 fǎnhuí ;
 (to home) 回家 huí jiā ;
 (to home country) 回国 huí guó 
▸ the plane returned empty 飞机空载返回 
▸ to return from sb/sth;
 从某人处/某处返回 
▸ to return from work/the trip 下班/旅行回来 
▸ to return to do sth;
 回来做某事 
▸ we returned by the same route 我们原路返回 
▸ to return to sb/sth;
 回到某人处/某处 ② (recur) 重现 chóngxiàn 
▸ my doubts about the relationship have returned 我对这层关系又起了疑心 
▸ those days, alas, will never return 唉，那些日子一去不复返了 PHRASAL VERB return to transitive verb [return to sth] ① (resume activity) 继续 jìxù 
▸ to return to work/school 返岗/返校 
▸ to return to one's work/book 继续干活/看书 
▸ she's returned to her old habits 她又恢复了老习惯 ② (start discussing again) 重提 chóngtí ‹topic›
▸ to return to the point I made earlier, … 再谈谈我刚才提到的那一点，… ③ (revert to former state) 恢复 huīfù 
▸ to return to normal/power 恢复正常/重新掌权 



reuse A. transitive verb | BrE riːˈjuːz, AmE riˈjuz | 重复使用 chóngfù shǐyòng 
▸ there are lots of ways to reuse scrap metal 重新利用废金属的方法有很多 B. noun uncountable | BrE riːˈjuːs, AmE riˈjus | 再使用 zài shǐyòng 
▸ the reuse and recycling of paper and cardboard 纸张和纸板的回收利用 



review | BrE rɪˈvjuː, AmE rəˈvju | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (of situation, developments) 检查 jiǎnchá ;
 (of event, tax) 审查 shěnchá ;
 (of facts) 审核 shěnhé 
▸ a policy review 政策审查 
▸ a pay or salary review 工资评审 
▸ to be/come under review «pay, salaries» 在评审中/接受评审 «policy, contract» 在审查中/接受审查 zài shěnchá zhōng/jiēshòu shěnchá 
▸ to keep sth under review 持续审查某事物 
▸ salaries are kept under constant review 对薪金情况会进行经常性审查 
▸ to be or come up for review 准备接受审查 ② uncountable and countable (of prices) 评估 pínggū ;
 (of research) 评价 píngjià ;
 (of events) 评述 píngshù 
▸ an annual/monthly etc. review (of sth) （某事物的）年度/月度等述评 
▸ the director-general's end-of-year review 署长的年终报告 
▸ the week in review Journalism, Radio, Television 本周要闻回顾 ③ uncountable and countable Law 复审 fùshěn 
▸ to come up for review «case» 准备复审 ④ uncountable and countable (by critic) 评论 pínglùn 
▸ a book/play/film/exhibition/music review 书评/剧评/影评/展评/乐评 
▸ a restaurant review 餐馆点评 
▸ a rave review informal 高度赞誉的评论 
▸ to get a good/bad etc. review 获得好评/差评等 
▸ to write a review (of sth) 撰写（某事物的）评论 
▸ to send/submit a book for review 寄出/提交一本书供评论 ⑤ countable (magazine) 评论杂志 pínglùn zázhì 
▸ the Saturday Review 《星期六评论》 ⑥ countable Military (of troops, regiment) 阅兵式 yuèbīngshì ;
 (of ships, aircraft) 检阅仪式 jiǎnyuè yíshì 
▸ to hold a review (of troops, regiment) 举行阅兵式 (of ships, aircraft) 举行检阅仪式 ⑦ countable US School, University 复习课 fùxíkè 
▸ a review of sth;
 某科目的复习课 B. transitive verb ① (assess) 检查 jiǎnchá ‹situation, progress›;
 审核 shěnhé ‹facts, salaries, pension›;
 审查 shěnchá ‹contract, policy›② (study, consider) 回顾 huígù ‹subject, research, events›③ Law 复审 fùshěn ‹judgement, sentence, case›④ (write critique of) 评论 pínglùn ‹book, play, film, exhibition›;
 品评 pǐnpíng ‹restaurant, food›
▸ to review sth for sth;
 为某机构评论某作品 
▸ she reviews films for The Guardian 她为《卫报》写影评 
▸ to be well or favourably/badly reviewed 得到好评/劣评 ⑤ Military (inspect) 检阅 jiǎnyuè ‹troops, regiment, ships, aircraft›⑥ US School, University 复习 fùxí ‹subject, lesson, notes›C. intransitive verb ① (act as critic) 写评论 xiě pínglùn 
▸ to review for/in sth;
 为…写/在…上发表评论 ‹magazine, newspaper›② US School, University 复习功课 fùxí gōngkè 
▸ to review for sth;
 为准备…而复习功课 ‹exam›



rewind | BrE riːˈwʌɪnd, AmE riˈwaɪnd | transitive verb past tense, past participle rewound 倒回 dàohuí 



rid | BrE rɪd, AmE rɪd | A. transitive verb present participle ridding past tense, past participle rid 使摆脱 shǐ bǎituō 
▸ to rid sb/sth of sb/sth;
 使…摆脱… 
▸ plans to rid the world of famine 使世界摆脱饥荒的计划 
▸ to rid the house of mice 消灭房子里的老鼠 
▸ to be or get rid of sb/sth;
 摆脱某人/某物 bǎituō mǒu rén/mǒu wù 
▸ they could not get rid of the old house 他们无法卖掉老房子 
▸ you're well rid of him;
 he's caused nothing but trouble 你把他打发走了是件好事，他只会添麻烦 B. to rid oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to rid oneself of sb/sth;
 摆脱某人/某物 bǎituō mǒu rén/mǒu wù 
▸ we tried hard to rid ourselves of debt 我们尽力还清债务 
▸ he's trying to rid himself of his irritating girlfriend 他正在极力摆脱他那个烦人的女友 



ride | BrE rʌɪd, AmE raɪd | A. transitive verb past tense rode past participle ridden ① (sit on animal) «rider» 骑 qí ‹horse›② (in race) «jockey» 骑…参赛 qí… cānsài ‹horse›③ (compete in) «rider, cyclist» 乘骑参加 chéngqí cānjiā 
▸ to ride a good race 在乘骑比赛中表现出色 ④ (sit on vehicle) «cyclist, child» 骑 qí ‹bicycle, motorbike›⑤ US (travel in vehicle) 搭乘 dāchéng ‹bus, train, subway›⑥ US (travel in or on) 乘坐 chéngzuò ‹elevator, escalator›⑦ (travel through) «rider, cowboy» [骑马、自行车等] 穿越 chuānyuè ‹prairie, range›⑧ (float on) «surfer, boat» 乘 chéng ‹wave›;
 «bird» 翱翔在…之上 áoxiáng zài… zhī shàng ‹thermal, air current›⑨ (absorb) «person, boxer» 躲闪 duǒshǎn ‹punch, blow›
▸ he rode the first punch easily 他轻松躲过了第一拳 ⑩ informal (mainly US) (criticize) «person» 数落 shǔluo ‹person, employee›
▸ you're riding them too hard 你把他们批得太狠了 
▸ to ride sb about sth;
 因某事物数落某人 B. intransitive verb past tense rode past participle ridden ① (be able to ride a horse) 骑马 qí mǎ 
▸ to ride astride/side-saddle 跨骑/侧坐马背骑 ② (go horse riding) 去骑马 qù qí mǎ 
▸ we ride most weekends 我们大多数周末都去骑马 
▸ to ride to hounds 骑马纵犬猎狐 «horse» 适于乘骑 shìyú chéngqí 
▸ this mare rides well 这匹母马很好骑 ③ (race) (on horse) 骑马参赛 qí mǎ cānsài ;
 (on bicycle) 骑车参赛 qí chē cānsài 
▸ to ride in sth;
 «rider, jockey» 骑马参加某比赛 «cyclist» 骑车参加某比赛 qí chē cānjiā mǒu bǐsài 
▸ have you ever ridden in the Tour de France? 你参加过环法自行车赛吗？ ④ (travel on animal) «rider» 乘骑旅行 chéngqí lǚxíng 
▸ they had been riding for hours 他们骑马好几个小时了 
▸ to ride on sth;
 «rider» 骑 qí ‹horse, animal› «person» 骑牲畜行走在…上 qí shēngchù xíngzǒu zài… shang ‹path, road›
▸ she was riding on a camel 她当时正骑着一头骆驼 
▸ to ride across sth;
 骑马穿过某处 
▸ to ride at sth;
 骑马冲向某物 
▸ to ride behind sb;
 (on same horse) 坐在某人身后共骑一匹马 (on different horse) 骑马跟在某人后面 
▸ to ride over;
 骑马过去 
▸ to ride over/through sth;
 骑马穿越/穿过某处 
▸ to ride along sth;
 骑马沿某处前行 
▸ to be riding for a fall informal 做事莽撞 ⑤ (travel on vehicle) «cyclist, motorcyclist» 骑乘 qíchéng 
▸ to ride on;
 «cyclist, motorcyclist» 骑在…上 ‹bicycle, motorbike› «cyclist» 骑车在…上行进 qí chē zài… shang xíngjìn ‹road, pavement›
▸ she rode all the way to London on her bike 她一路骑自行车到了伦敦 
▸ to ride along;
 骑车前行 
▸ to ride along sth;
 沿某处骑车 
▸ to ride along the lane and back 沿着这条小路骑，然后返回 
▸ to ride over;
 骑车过去 
▸ to ride over/through sth;
 骑车轧过某物/穿过某处 
▸ to ride behind;
 (on same vehicle) 坐在后座上 (on different vehicle) 骑车跟在后面 
▸ to ride behind sb;
 (on same vehicle) 坐在某人后座上 (on different vehicle) 骑车跟着某人 ⑥ (travel in vehicle) «passenger» 搭车 dāchē 
▸ to ride in or on sth;
 搭乘某交通工具 
▸ he's never ridden on a bus 他从来没坐过公共汽车 
▸ to ride along;
 搭车前行 ⑦ US (travel in elevator, on escalator) 乘坐 chéngzuò 
▸ to ride up and down the escalators 乘自动扶梯上下 ⑧ (on shoulders) 骑在肩上 qí zài jiān shang ;
 (on back) 骑在背上 qí zài bèi shang 
▸ to ride on sth;
 «baby, child» 骑在…上 ‹shoulders, back›⑨ (float) «boat» 漂浮 piāofú ;
 «surfer» 踏浪 tà làng ;
 «bird» 飞翔 fēixiáng 
▸ to ride on sth;
 乘 chéng ‹wave, wind, air current›
▸ to be riding on a wave of popularity 十分流行 
▸ to be riding high figurative «person, team» 获得成功 
▸ to let sth ride 听任某事发展 C. noun ① (journey) 短途旅程 duǎntú lǚchéng 
▸ a train/taxi ride 乘火车/出租车的旅程 
▸ a bike/horse ride 骑自行车/骑马的出行 
▸ it's a five-minute ride in a taxi 乘出租车要花5分钟 
▸ it's a £3 bus ride 这段路程坐公共汽车要花3英镑 
▸ it's a short/long ride 乘车去很近/很远 
▸ to go for a ride 去乘车兜风 
▸ a ride on sth;
 骑某物的旅程 
▸ to have a ride on a horse 骑马 qí mǎ 
▸ a ride in sth;
 乘某物的旅程 
▸ to have a ride in a steam train 乘蒸汽火车 
▸ to take sb for a ride literal 开车带某人去兜风 figurative informal (cheat) 忽悠某人 hūyou mǒu rén 
▸ to go along for the ride informal literal 一起开车出行 figurative 凑热闹 còu rènao 
▸ to be in for a rough/bumpy/difficult ride 即将举步维艰/坎坷不平/困难重重 
▸ an easy ride to the Presidency 一帆风顺赢得总统选举 ② (carriage on sb's shoulders, back) 骑 qí 
▸ to give sb a ride;
 让…骑 ‹person, baby›
▸ give the child a ride on your shoulders 让孩子骑在你肩膀上 ③ (mainly US) (person giving lift) 让人搭车者 ràng rén dāchē zhě 
▸ their ride into town dropped them off near the bridge 带他们进城的人让他们在桥附近下车了 ④ (mainly US) (lift) 搭便车 dā biànchē 
▸ to give sb a ride 让某人搭便车 
▸ to get or hitch a ride 搭便车 dā biànchē ⑤ US Transport informal (degree of smoothness) 旅途平稳性 lǚtú píngwěnxìng 
▸ a comfortable/bumpy ride 舒适/颠簸的旅途 ⑥ (at fair or amusement park) 乘坐 chéngzuò 
▸ to have a ride on a merry-go-round/roller coaster 骑旋转木马/乘坐过山车 ⑦ Horse racing 赛马 sài mǎ 
▸ he's got three rides today 他今天参加了三场赛马 PHRASAL VERBS ride around, ride about intransitive verb ① (on animal) 骑牲畜到处走 qí shēngchù dàochù zǒu ② (in vehicle) «passenger» 乘车兜风 chéng chē dōufēng ;
 (on vehicle) «rider, cyclist» 骑车兜风 qíchē dōufēng 
▸ I thought I'd ride around a bit and try out my new motorbike 我想我应该骑车转一圈，试试我的新摩托车 ride back intransitive verb ① (on animal) 骑牲畜返回 qí shēngchù fǎnhuí ② (in vehicle) «passenger» 乘车返回 chéng chē fǎnhuí ;
 (on vehicle) «rider, cyclist» 骑车返回 qí chē fǎnhuí 
▸ he rode back to the airport in a taxi 他乘出租车返回机场 ride down transitive verb [ride sb down, ride down sb] ① (hit) 骑马撞倒 qí mǎ zhuàngdǎo ② (catch up with) «rider, cyclist, motorcyclist» 骑马赶上 qí mǎ gǎnshang ride off intransitive verb ① (on animal) 骑牲畜离开 qí shēngchù líkāi 
▸ to ride off to …;
 骑牲畜去… ② (in vehicle) «passenger» 乘车而去 chéng chē ér qù ;
 (on vehicle) «rider, cyclist, motorcyclist» 骑车而去 qí chē ér qù ride on transitive verb [ride on sth] (depend) «money, future» 取决于 qǔjué yú 
▸ he has a lot riding on this project 这个项目对他影响很大 ride out A. transitive verb [ride sth out, ride out sth] ① (come safely through) «ship» 安然渡过 ānrán dùguo ‹gale›
▸ to ride out the storm 安然渡过暴风雨 ② (person, company) 经受住 jīngshòu zhù ‹crisis, recession›B. intransitive verb ① (on animal) «rider» 骑牲畜出行 qí shēngchù chūxíng ② [ride out to sth] (in vehicle) «passenger» 乘车出行 chéng chē chūxíng ;
 (on vehicle) «rider, cyclist, motorcyclist» 骑车出行 qí chē chūxíng ride up: intransitive verb ① 
▸ to ride up to sb/sth (approach on animal) «person, rider» 骑牲畜向某人/某处走去 qí shēngchù xiàng mǒu rén/mǒu chù zǒuqù ② 
▸ to ride up to sb/sth;
 (approach in vehicle) «passenger» 乘车向某人/某处行进 (approach on vehicle) «rider, cyclist, motorcyclist» 骑车向某人/某处行进 qí chē xiàng mǒu rén/mǒu chù xíngjìn ③ 
▸ to ride up over sth (move up) «dress» 向上方某处收 xiàng shàngfāng mǒu chù shōu 
▸ her skirt rode up over her knees 她的裙摆拱到了膝盖上面 



ring1 | BrE rɪŋ, AmE rɪŋ | A. noun ① (on finger) 戒指 jièzhi ;
 (on toe) 趾环 zhǐhuán ;
 (in nose) 鼻环 bíhuán 
▸ a diamond/gold ring 钻戒/金戒指 
▸ a wedding/engagement ring 结婚/订婚戒指 
▸ to wear a ring 戴戒指 ② British (on bird) [鸟腿上的] 铝环 lǚhuán ③ (on bull, pig, etc.) 鼻圈 bíquān ④ (for attaching things) 环状物 huánzhuàngwù ;
 (for mooring) 系船环 jìchuánhuán ;
 (for curtains) 窗帘环 chuāngliánhuán ;
 (for keys) 钥匙环 yàoshihuán ⑤ (for juggling) 杂耍圈 záshuǎquān ⑥ (for swimming) 救生圈 jiùshēngquān ⑦ Medicine (for sitting on) 环形坐垫 huánxíng zuòdiàn ⑧ (mark on page) 圈 quān 
▸ a ring around sth;
 围绕某物的圈 
▸ to put a ring around «person» 圈出 quānchū ‹name, ad›⑨ (around eyes) 晕圈 yùnquān 
▸ to have rings under one's eyes 眼睛下部有黑眼圈 ⑩ Botany (in tree trunk) 年轮 niánlún ⑪ (mainly British) (on electric cooker) 灶盘 zàopán ;
 (on gas cooker) 灶口 zàokǒu 
▸ a three-ring hob 三炉盘炉灶 ⑫ Astronomy [围绕行星的] 光环 guānghuán 
▸ Saturn's rings 土星环 ⑬ (circular arrangement) (of people) 围成一圈的人 wéichéng yī quān de rén ;
 (of things) 围成一圈的物 wéichéng yī quān de wù 
▸ to form a ring 围成一圈 
▸ to stand in a ring (around sb/sth) （围着某人/某物）站成一圈 ⑭ (circular movement) 环形路线 huánxíng lùxiàn 
▸ to run rings round or around sb informal 远远超过某人 ⑮ (for boxing) 拳击场 quánjīchǎng ;
 (for wrestling) 摔跤场 shuāijiāochǎng 
▸ he knocked his opponent out of the ring 他将对手摔出场外 ⑯ 
▸ (boxing profession) the ring 拳击运动 quánjī yùndòng 
▸ he retired from the ring at the age of 35 他35岁时退出拳坛 ⑰ (at circus) 马戏场 mǎxìchǎng ;
 (for bullfighting) 斗牛场 dòuniúchǎng ;
 (for showjumping) 马术障碍赛场 mǎshù zhàng'àisàichǎng ;
 (at dog show) 犬展场 quǎnzhǎnchǎng ⑱ (at livestock fair) 牲畜卖场 shēngchù màichǎng ⑲ (at racecourse) 下注区 xiàzhùqū ⑳ (illegal group) 团伙 tuánhuǒ 
▸ a spy/drugs ring 间谍网/贩毒集团 B. rings plural noun 
▸ the rings (in gymnastics) 吊环 diàohuán C. transitive verb past tense, past participle ringed ① (surround) «trees, buildings» 环绕 huánrào ‹area›;
 «police, troops, protesters» 包围 bāowéi ‹area, building›
▸ a small valley ringed by steep cliffs 被悬崖峭壁环抱的小山谷 
▸ to ring sth with sb/sth;
 用某人/某物围住某物 ② (mainly British) (circle) «person» 圈出 quānchū ‹name, ad›
▸ to ring sth in pencil/ink;
 用铅笔/墨水将某物圈出 
▸ her name was ringed in black 她的名字用黑笔圈了出来 ③ British (tag) 给…戴上铝环 gěi… dàishang lǚhuán ‹bird, leg›④ Farming 环割…的皮 huán gē… de pí ‹tree›



rise | BrE rʌɪz, AmE raɪz | A. intransitive verb past tense rose past participle risen ① (move upwards) 上升 shàngshēng 
▸ the aircraft rose from the ground 飞机从地面起飞 ② (appear over horizon) «sun, moon, star» 升起 shēngqǐ 
▸ to rise over or above sth;
 上升至某物上方 ③ (increase in level) «lake, sea» 上涨 shàngzhǎng 
▸ the river level rose so high that the work had to be abandoned 河水上涨得太高，只好停工 ④ (slope upwards) «surface, road» 隆起 lóngqǐ ⑤ (tower) «tower, wall, peak» 矗立 chùlì 
▸ the cliff rose above us 峭壁耸立在我们上方 
▸ to rise to a height of 2 metres 高达2米 ⑥ (be built) 被建起 bèi jiànqǐ 
▸ an office block rose on the site of the old temple 老寺院旧址上建起了一座办公大楼 ⑦ formal (stand up) 站起来 zhàn qilai 
▸ ‘all rise’ “全体起立” 
▸ to rise from;
 从…上站起来 ‹chair, floor› 从…旁站起来 cóng… páng zhàn qilai ‹desk, table›
▸ to rise on tiptoe/to one's feet 踮着脚/站起身来 
▸ I rose to take my leave 我起身告辞 ⑧ formal (get out of bed) 起床 qǐchuáng 
▸ rise and shine! humorous 赶快起床！ ⑨ formal (come to life again) 复活 fùhuó 
▸ to rise from the dead 起死回生 ⑩ (mainly British) formal (adjourn) «committee, parliament» 闭会 bìhuì ;
 «court» 退庭 tuìtíng ⑪ (increase) «amount, value, volume, rate, cost of living, pressure» 增加 zēngjiā ;
 «price» 上涨 shàngzhǎng ;
 «level, standard, temperature» 提高 tígāo ;
 «inflation» 加剧 jiājù 
▸ to rise in;
 增加 zēngjiā ‹amount, value, volume, pressure› 提高 tígāo ‹level, standard, temperature, rate, price›
▸ to rise to/above sth;
 增加到/超出某数量 ⑫ (become louder) «sound» 变响 biànxiǎng ;
 (become higher in pitch) «sound» 提高 tígāo 
▸ his voice rose to a shout 他提高嗓门喊起来 
▸ his voice rose in anger 他气得嗓门大了起来 ⑬ (blow stronger) 刮得更猛 guā de gèng měng 
▸ the wind continued to rise 风力继续增强 ⑭ (intensify) «hopes, anger, frustration» 变得强烈 biàn de qiángliè ;
 «tension» 加剧 jiājù ;
 «pressure» 增大 zēngdà ⑮ (progress) «person» 更加成功 gèngjiā chénggōng 
▸ to rise in the world 事业发达 
▸ to rise (from sth) to sth;
 （从某职位）升至 ‹director›
▸ to rise to fame 成名 
▸ he rose from apprentice to manager 他从学徒步步晋升为经理 
▸ she rose from nothing to become a major Hollywood star 她从一个无名小卒成了好莱坞大明星 ⑯ Cooking «dough, bread» 发酵 fājiào ⑰ (stand on end) «hair, fur» 竖起 shùqǐ ⑱ (appear on skin) «bump, weal» 出现 chūxiàn 
▸ blisters rose on his burned hand 他烧伤的手上起了水疱 ⑲ formal (with embarrassment) «colour» 涨红 zhànghóng 
▸ she could feel her colour rising 她觉得自己脸红了 ⑳ (give higher reading) «barometer, glass, mercury» 读数升高 dúshù shēnggāo ㉑ Geography (have source) 发源 fāyuán 
▸ to rise in;
 «river, stream» 发源于 ‹mountains, area›㉒ (be produced) «cry, cheer» 发出 fāchū 
▸ a great shout rose from the crowd 人群中一声大喊 ㉓ formal (rebel) 起义 qǐyì 
▸ to rise against sb/sth;
 奋起反抗某人/某事物 ㉔ rising informal (approaching) 接近 jiējìn 
▸ she was thirty-nine, rising forty 她39岁，快到40了 B. noun ① (increase) (in amount, number, rate, value, volume, cost of living) 增加 zēngjiā ;
 (in level, standard) 提高 tígāo ;
 (in price) 上涨 shàngzhǎng ;
 (in temperature, pressure) 升高 shēnggāo ;
 (in inflation) 加剧 jiājù 
▸ a rise in sth;
 某物的增加 
▸ a rise from sth to sth;
 从某水平到某水平的增长 
▸ to be on the rise «crime, number» 在增加 «inflation» 在加剧 zài jiājù «prices» 在上涨 zài shàngzhǎng ② (increase in importance) (of person) 出头 chūtóu ;
 (of country, company, empire) 兴起 xīngqǐ ;
 (of doctrine, ideology) 发展 fāzhǎn 
▸ the rise and fall of the Roman Empire 罗马帝国的兴衰 
▸ her rise to fame 她的成名 
▸ his rise through the ranks 他地位的上升 ③ British (increase in pay) 加薪 jiāxīn 
▸ a rise in salary, a salary rise 加薪 jiāxīn ④ (upward movement) 上升 shàngshēng ;
 (of water, liquid, sea) 上涨 shàngzhǎng 
▸ the rise and fall of his chest 他胸膛的起伏 
▸ a rise into/to sth;
 进入/到某处的上升 
▸ we watched the balloon's slow rise into the air 我们看着气球缓缓升到了空中 
▸ the submarine's rise to the surface 潜艇浮出水面 ⑤ (hill) 小山 xiǎoshān ⑥ (slope) 坡 pō 
▸ there's a slight rise in the road here 路这处有一个缓坡 ⑦ (source) 源头 yuántóu 
▸ the river has its rise in … 这条河的源头在… 
▸ to give rise to 招致 ‹rumour› 引起 yǐnqǐ ‹problem, emotion›PHRASAL VERBS rise above transitive verb [rise above sth] ① (not be hindered by) 不受…的影响 bù shòu… de yǐngxiǎng ‹misfortune, problems, background›② (be morally superior to) 摆脱 bǎituō ‹bitterness, jealousy, disagreements›③ (be better than) 超出 chāochū ‹standard, level›rise to transitive verb [rise to sth] ① (meet successfully) 能够应付 nénggòu yìngfù ‹occasion, task›
▸ he was determined to rise to the challenge 他决心克服困难，迎接挑战 ② (react to) 对…作出反应 duì… zuòchū fǎnyìng ‹insult, provocation›
▸ he didn't rise to my teasing 我戏弄他，他并未被激怒 rise up intransitive verb ① (move upwards) «aircraft, bird, ball, balloon» 上升 shàngshēng ;
 «steam, smoke» 升腾 shēngténg ② (tower, wall) 矗立 chùlì 
▸ the mountains rise up on all sides 四周山峰高耸 ③ (be produced) «shout, cry» 发出 fāchū 
▸ a tremendous cheer rose up from the audience 观众当中欢呼声雷动 ④ (rebel) «people, region» 奋起反抗 fènqǐ fǎnkàng 
▸ to rise up in revolt or rebellion 起来造反 



roar | BrE rɔː, AmE rɔr | A. noun ① (of large animal) 咆哮 páoxiào 
▸ to give a roar 嗥叫 ② (of person) 叫喊 jiàohǎn 
▸ he gave a roar of rage 他怒吼了一声 ③ (of amusement) 大笑声 dàxiào shēng 
▸ a roar of laughter 一阵哈哈大笑 ④ (of applause) 鼓掌声 gǔzhǎng shēng 
▸ the audience gave a roar of applause 观众报以雷鸣般的掌声 ⑤ (of machine, traffic) 轰鸣声 hōngmíng shēng ⑥ (of water, wind) 呼啸声 hūxiào shēng 
▸ the wind howled above the roar of the sea 风在咆哮的大海上呼号 
▸ the roar of the waterfall deafened them 瀑布的轰鸣声让他们什么也听不见 ⑦ (of flames) 呼呼声 hūhū shēng 
▸ the roar of the forest fire was terrifying 熊熊燃烧的林火令人恐惧 B. transitive verb ① (shout) 大喊 dàhǎn 
▸ to roar one's approval 大声叫好 
▸ ‘quiet!’he roared “安静！”他吼道 ② (rev up) 使…快速运转 shǐ… kuàisù yùnzhuǎn ‹engine›C. intransitive verb ① (howl) «lion, bull» 吼叫 hǒujiào 
▸ to roar with fury 怒吼 ② (bellow) «person» 大喊 dàhǎn 
▸ to roar at sb;
 冲某人喊叫 ③ (shout together) «crowd» 喧哗 xuānhuá 
▸ to roar with pain/rage 痛苦/愤怒地大喊大叫 ④ (laugh) 放声大笑 fàngshēng dàxiào 
▸ to roar in amusement 开心地大笑 
▸ to roar with laughter 哈哈大笑 ⑤ (rumble) «machine, traffic» 轰鸣 hōngmíng 
▸ the car roared into life 汽车轰鸣着发动起来 ⑥ (move noisily) 呼啸而行 hūxiào ér xíng 
▸ to roar past sb/sth;
 从某人/某物旁呼啸而过 
▸ to roar along;
 轰鸣着前行 
▸ the car roared away 汽车呼啸而去 
▸ to roar down/up the street;
 轰鸣着沿街开去/开来 ⑦ (make long, loud, deep sound) «wind, sea» 呼啸 hūxiào ;
 «waterfall» 轰鸣 hōngmíng ;
 «fire, flames» 熊熊燃烧 xióngxióng ránshāo PHRASAL VERB roar out transitive verb [roar sth out, roar out sth] 大声喊出 dàshēng hǎnchū ‹command›
▸ the fans roared out their approval 粉丝们大声叫好 



rob | BrE rɒb, AmE rɑb | transitive verb present participle robbing past tense, past participle robbed ① (take property from illegally) 抢劫 qiǎngjié 
▸ to rob sb/sth (of sth);
 抢劫某人/某物（的某物） 
▸ I was robbed of my life savings 我被抢走了一生的积蓄 
▸ to rob Peter to pay Paul 借新债还旧账 ② (deprive) 剥夺 bōduó 
▸ to rob sb of their sleep/rights 使某人不能入睡/剥夺某人的权利 ③ Sport informal 抢…的球 qiǎng… de qiú ‹opposing player›



roll | BrE rəʊl, AmE roʊl | A. transitive verb ① (move on wheels, rollers, etc.) 使滚动 shǐ gǔndòng 
▸ to roll a ball along/across the ground 沿着球场往前带球/将球传到球场的另一边 
▸ to roll barrels up the ramp 把桶滚上斜坡 
▸ to roll sth across sth;
 将…推到某处的另一边 ‹vehicle, trolley, piano›
▸ to roll sth forward 往前推某物 
▸ to roll the car back a few metres 把汽车往回推几米 ② (make into tube, ball) 将…卷起 jiāng… juǎnqǐ ‹cigarette, paper›
▸ to roll into a ball 将…揉成团 ‹paper, dough, clay› 将…绕成团 jiāng… ràochéng tuán ‹wool›
▸ (all) rolled into one （全部）融为一体 
▸ to roll one's own 自己卷烟 ③ (flatten) 擀 gǎn ‹dough, pastry›;
 推平 tuīpíng ‹lawn›;
 碾平 niǎnpíng ‹road›;
 轧平 yàpíng ‹metal›
▸ to roll sth into sth;
 将…轧成某物 ‹sheets, bars›④ (rotate in place) 转动 zhuàndòng 
▸ to roll sth between one's fingers 在手指间转动某物 ⑤ (turn to different position) 使翻转 shǐ fānzhuǎn 
▸ to roll the patient on to his back 给病人翻身成仰卧姿势 ⑥ 
▸ (turn upwards) to roll one's eyes 翻白眼 fān báiyǎn ⑦ informal (overturn) «person, driver» 弄翻 nòngfān ‹vehicle›
▸ she rolled her car 她开翻了车 ⑧ (fold up) 卷起 juǎnqǐ ‹sleeves, trousers›⑨ (start operating) 启动 qǐdòng ‹movie camera, presses›
▸ roll 'em! informal 开拍！ ⑩ (throw) 掷 zhì ‹dice›⑪ informal (rob) [尤指趁人醉酒或熟睡时] 抢劫 qiǎngjié ⑫ Linguistics 用颤音发出 yòng chànyīn fāchū 
▸ to roll one's r's 发r的舌尖颤音 B. intransitive verb ① (move on wheels, rollers, etc.) 滚动 gǔndòng 
▸ to roll into sth;
 驶进某处 
▸ to roll down sth;
 滚下 ‹hill, slope›
▸ to roll forwards/backwards;
 向前/向后滚动 
▸ to roll to a halt 滚动后停下 ② (move by turning over) 翻滚 fāngǔn 
▸ to roll behind sb/sth;
 滚到某人/某物后面 
▸ to roll on to sb/sth;
 滚到某人身上/某物上面 
▸ to roll under sb/sth;
 滚到某人身下/某物下面 
▸ the ball rolled over the line 球滚过了线 
▸ to roll down/off sth;
 滚下/滚离某处 
▸ he rolled out of bed 他从床上滚了下来 
▸ to roll clear (of sth) 避开（某物） 
▸ heads will roll (for sth) （因某事物）有些人要掉脑袋 
▸ to roll with the punches (in boxing) 躲闪对手的猛击 figurative (adapt) 适应艰苦环境 shìyìng jiānkǔ huánjìng ③ (move smoothly) 平稳移动 píngwěn yídòng 
▸ to roll on to or up sth;
 挪动到某物上 
▸ to roll away;
 缓缓离开 ④ (curl up) «person, hedgehog» 蜷曲 quánqū ⑤ (rotate in place) 原地打滚 yuándì dǎgǔn 
▸ to roll in sth;
 «person, animal» 在…里打滚 ‹grass, mud, dust›
▸ to be rolling (in it or money) informal 财源滚滚 
▸ to be rolling in the aisles 笑声不断 
▸ rolling drunk 醉得摇摇晃晃 ⑥ (turn in different direction) «person» 翻身 fānshēn 
▸ to roll on to sth;
 翻身呈某姿势 
▸ to roll on to one's back/front/side 翻身仰卧/俯卧/侧卧 ⑦ (rotate lengthwise) «aircraft, vehicle» 翻滚 fāngǔn ⑧ (turn upwards) 向上翻 xiàng shàng fān 
▸ her eyes rolled 她翻了翻白眼 ⑨ (sway) «person, ship, aircraft» 摇晃 yáohuàng 
▸ to roll to and fro/from side to side 前后/左右摇晃 ⑩ (rumble) «thunder» 隆隆响 lónglóng xiǎng ⑪ Music «drum» 咚咚响 dōng dōng xiǎng ⑫ (start operating machine) 开动 kāidòng 
▸ cameras, roll! 开拍！ 
▸ let’s roll (mainly US) informal 咱们开始吧 
▸ to get (sth) rolling informal （使某事）顺利开始 
▸ to keep sth rolling informal 使某事顺利进行下去 
▸ let the good times roll! informal 尽情享乐吧！ C. noun ① countable (cylinder) 一卷 yī juǎn 
▸ a roll of film/paper/cloth/tobacco 一卷胶卷/纸/布/烟 ② countable US, Australian (wad) 一沓 yī dá 
▸ a roll of banknotes 一沓钞票 ③ countable US (packet) 一管 yī guǎn 
▸ a roll of candy/mints 一管糖/薄荷糖果 ④ countable (of flesh, fat) 一堆 yī duī ;
 (of skin) 一圈 yī quān ⑤ countable (piece of bread) 小圆面包 xiǎo yuán miànbāo ⑥ uncountable and countable (pressed meat) 肉卷 ròujuǎn ⑦ countable (in gymnastics) 翻跟头 fān gēntou 
▸ a forward/backward roll 前/后滚翻 ⑧ countable Aviation (rotation in flight) 翻滚 fāngǔn ⑨ uncountable and countable (swaying) 摇晃 yáohuàng 
▸ the car corners well with a minimum of roll 这辆车拐弯性能良好，晃动轻微 
▸ to walk with a roll of the hips 走起路来臀部一扭一扭的 ⑩ countable (throw of dice) 掷骰子 zhì tóuzi 
▸ to be on a roll informal 连连获胜 ⑪ countable (of thunder) 隆隆声 lónglóng shēng ⑫ countable (of drums) 咚咚声 dōngdōng shēng ⑬ countable (register) 花名册 huāmíngcè 
▸ we have about ninety members on our or the roll(s) 我们的名单上大约有90名会员 
▸ to call or take the roll 点名 diǎnmíng 
▸ a class roll 班级学生名册 
▸ an electoral roll 选民名册 
▸ to be struck off the roll 被除名 ⑭ countable (number on list) 名单总人数 míngdān zǒngrénshù 
▸ falling school rolls 下降的在校学生人数 PHRASAL VERBS roll about intransitive verb British = roll aroundroll along intransitive verb «vehicle» 平稳向前行驶 píngwěn xiàng qián xíngshǐ roll around intransitive verb «person, animal» 原地打滚 yuándì dǎgǔn ;
 «marble, tin» 原地滚动 yuándì gǔndòng 
▸ to roll around on the grass 在草地上打滚 roll back A. intransitive verb «person, computer» 回退 huítuì B. transitive verb [roll sth back, roll back sth] ① (roll up) 卷起 juǎnqǐ ‹carpet, sleeve›② (reverse progress of) «person, event, film» 使…倒流 shǐ… dàoliú ‹years›③ (move farther away) 使…后退 shǐ… hòutuì ‹frontier, desert›④ Military «troops» 击退 jītuì ‹enemy›⑤ (reduce power of) 削弱…的影响 xuēruò… de yǐngxiǎng ‹state, ideology›⑥ Finance 使…回落 shǐ… huíluò ‹prices, inflation›roll down transitive verb [roll sth down, roll down sth] 放下 fàngxia ‹sleeve, trouser leg, blind›roll in A. intransitive verb ① informal (arrive in large numbers) «letters, offers, money, tourists» 纷至沓来 fēn zhì tà lái ② informal (arrive late) «person» 姗姗来迟 shānshān lái chí 
▸ he didn't roll in until 3 am 他直到下午3点才慢吞吞地来了 ③ (move, flow) «waves, smoke, cloud, fog» 滚滚而来 gǔngǔn ér lái ④ (arrive) «truck, tank» 驶来 shǐlái B. transitive verb ① 
▸ (coat in) to roll sth in sth;
 把某物裹在某物里 bǎ mǒu wù guǒ zài mǒu wù li 
▸ to roll the meat in the breadcrumbs 将肉裹上面包屑 jiāng ròu guǒ shang miànbāoxiè ② 
▸ (wrap in) to roll sb in sth;
 把某人裹在某物里 bǎ mǒu rén guǒ zài mǒu wù li roll off transitive verb [roll off sth] «vehicles» 从…生产出 cóng… shēngchǎn chū ‹production line›;
 «newspapers» 从…印出 cóng… yìnchū ‹presses›roll on A. intransitive verb «time, hours» 流逝 liúshì 
▸ roll on Christmas/next week! British 圣诞节/下一周快点来吧！ B. transitive verb [roll sth on, roll on sth] ① (by unravelling) «person» 滚卷着穿 gǔnjuǎnzhe chuān ‹stockings›② 
▸ (apply) to roll on deodorant 滚抹除臭剂 gǔn mǒ chúchòujì roll out transitive verb [roll sth out, roll out sth] ① (flatten) 碾平 niǎnpíng ‹bumps›;
 擀平 gǎnpíng ‹pastry, dough, lumps›;
 轧平 yàpíng ‹metal›② (unroll) 将…铺开 jiāng… pūkāi ‹carpet, map›③ (launch) 推出 tuīchū ‹product, model›;
 开展 kāizhǎn ‹campaign›roll over A. intransitive verb ① (turn over) «vehicle, ship» 侧翻 cèfān 
▸ to roll over on one's back/stomach 翻身仰卧/俯卧 ② informal (be easily defeated) «player, team» 不堪一击 bùkān yī jī B. [roll sb over] transitive verb ① (turn over) 使…翻身 shǐ… fānshēn ‹patient, invalid›
▸ to roll sb over on to sth;
 将某人翻转成某姿势 ‹back, front, stomach, side›
▸ they rolled him over on to his back 他们给他翻身使他仰卧 ② informal (defeat easily) 轻易击败 qīngyì jībài ‹player, team›C. [roll sth over] transitive verb Finance 准许…延期偿还 zhǔnxǔ… yánqī chánghuán ‹loan, debt›roll up A. intransitive verb ① informal (arrive) «guests, visitors» [尤指迟到或不合时宜、衣着不整等情况下] 到来 dàolái 
▸ roll up! (at fairground) 快来看哪！ ② (form ball, tube) «person, animal» 蜷缩 quánsuō ;
 «carpet, paper, map, garment» 卷起 juǎnqǐ B. [roll sth up, roll up sth] transitive verb ① (shorten) 挽起 wǎnqǐ ‹sleeve, trouser leg›② (make into ball, tube) 卷起 juǎnqǐ ‹carpet, map, paper›C. [roll sb/sth up, roll up sb/sth] transitive verb (wrap) 将…裹起来 jiāng… guǒ qilai 
▸ to roll sb/sth up in a blanket;
 用毛毯将某人/某物裹起来 



rot | BrE rɒt, AmE rɑt | A. intransitive verb present participle rotting past tense, past participle rotted ① literal (decompose) «substance, food» 腐烂 fǔlàn 
▸ to rot away 烂掉 ② figurative (deteriorate) «person, garden» 渐衰 jiàn shuāi ;
 «car, house» 日渐破损 rì jiàn pòsǔn 
▸ to rot in prison 在监狱内日渐萎靡 B. transitive verb present participle rotting past tense, past participle rotted ① literal (cause to decay) 使…腐烂 shǐ… fǔlàn ‹body, plant, matter›;
 腐蚀 fǔshí ‹rubber, metal›② figurative (damage) 使…迟钝 shǐ… chídùn ‹mind›
▸ too much sugar will rot your teeth 吃糖太多会发生蛀牙 
▸ too much television rots your brain 看电视太多脑子会迟钝 C. noun uncountable ① (decay) literal 腐烂 fǔlàn ;
 figurative 腐败 fǔbài 
▸ the rot in the system 体制中的腐败 ② British figurative (deterioration) 恶化 èhuà 
▸ the rot has set in 情况开始恶化 ③ British informal dated (rubbish) 废话 fèihuà 
▸ what rot! 胡说！ ④ Botany (disease) 枯病 kūbìng 



rub | BrE rʌb, AmE rəb | A. transitive verb present participle rubbing past tense, past participle rubbed ① (massage) 按摩 ànmó ‹shoulders›
▸ she rubbed my back 她给我按摩后背 ② (press on) 揉搓 róucuo ‹chin, eyes, nose›
▸ to rub sb up the wrong way, to rub sb the wrong way US figurative informal 无意中惹恼某人 
▸ to rub sb's nose in it figurative informal 老揭某人的伤疤 ③ (move back and forth) 抚摩 fǔmó ‹hand, finger, leg, cloth›④ (press together) 摩擦 mócā ‹hands›
▸ to rub noses (in greeting) 行碰鼻礼 
▸ to rub one's hands with or in glee 高兴得直搓手 
▸ to rub shoulders or elbows US with sb 与某名人交往 ⑤ (polish) 擦拭 cāshì 
▸ to rub sth with sth;
 用某物擦拭 ‹surface, object›
▸ to rub the glass with a cloth 用布擦玻璃杯 ⑥ (produce by friction) 磨出 móchū ‹bald patch›
▸ to rub a hole in sth 在某物上磨出洞 ⑦ (to dry) 擦干 cāgān ;
 (to clean) 擦净 cājìng ;
 (to smooth) 磨平 mópíng 
▸ to rub sth dry 将…擦干 ‹surface, hair›
▸ to rub sth clean 将…擦干净 ‹surface, table, blackboard›
▸ to rub sth smooth 把…磨光 ‹surface›
▸ to rub sth away 擦去 ‹stain, tears›⑧ (apply ointment, polish, etc.) 涂抹 túmǒ 
▸ to rub sth on to the skin 将某物搽在皮肤上 
▸ rub the cream into your skin 把润肤霜揉进皮肤里 
▸ to rub salt into the wound figurative 往伤口上抹盐 ⑨ (chafe) «shoe» 磨 mó ‹heel›;
 «wheel» 蹭 cèng ‹mudguard›
▸ to rub sth raw 擦破…的皮 ‹skin, neck›B. intransitive verb present participle rubbing past tense, past participle rubbed ① (press) 揉搓 róucuo 
▸ to rub at sth;
 «person» 揉搓 róucuo ‹chin, eyes, nose›
▸ to rub against sth;
 揉搓某物 ② (polish) 擦拭 cāshì 
▸ to rub at sth;
 «person» 擦拭 cāshì ‹surface, table, silverware›③ (be pressed together) «surfaces, objects» 互相摩擦 hùxiāng mócā ④ (to dry) 擦干 cāgān ;
 (to clean) 擦净 cājìng ;
 (to smooth) 磨平 mópíng 
▸ to rub at sth;
 擦掉 cādiào ‹stain, mark›⑤ (chafe) «wheel» 磨擦 mócā ;
 «shirt, collar» 磨损 mósǔn 
▸ these shoes rub 这双鞋子磨脚 
▸ to rub on or against sth;
 蹭擦某物 C. to rub oneself reflexive verb ① 
▸ (press oneself) to rub oneself on or against sth;
 蹭某物 cèng mǒu wù ② 
▸ (dry oneself) to rub oneself with;
 用…擦干身体 yòng… cāgān shēntǐ ‹towel›
▸ to rub oneself dry 把自己擦干 bǎ zìjǐ cāgān D. noun ① (with hand) 按摩 ànmó 
▸ to give sth a rub 按摩 ànmó ‹back, knee, elbow, horse›② (with cloth) 抹 mǒ 
▸ to give sth a rub 抹 mǒ ‹spoon, table, stain›③ (ointment) 药膏 yàogāo ④ (literary or humorous) (difficulty) 难题 nántí 
▸ there's the rub 这就是症结所在 PHRASAL VERBS rub along intransitive verb British informal ① (manage) «person, couple, family» 勉强过活 miǎnqiǎng guòhuó 
▸ they rub along because their overheads are so low 他们勉强能生活，因为他们的日常开支很低 ② 
▸ to rub along with sb (get on) 与某人相处融洽 yǔ mǒu rén xiāngchǔ róngqià rub down transitive verb [rub sb/sth down, rub down sb/sth] ① (smooth) 将…打磨光滑 jiāng… dǎmó guānghuá ‹wood, paint, surface, wall, plaster›② (make dry and clean) 彻底擦干 chèdǐ cāgān ‹person, horse›
▸ to rub oneself down 把自己彻底擦干 rub in transitive verb [rub sth in, rub in sth] 把…揉进表层 bǎ… róujìn biǎocéng ‹ointment, shampoo›
▸ to rub it in informal 不断触及痛处 
▸ there's no need to rub it in! 没必要老是哪壶不开提哪壶！ 
▸ he's always rubbing it in how rich he is 他总是爱说自己如何富有 rub off A. transitive verb [rub sth off, rub off sth] 擦掉 cādiào ‹stain, pattern›B. intransitive verb ① (come off) 掉落 diàoluò 
▸ to rub off on sb/sth;
 «dye, ink» 掉色沾到某人身上/某处 
▸ the ink rubbed off on my hands 油墨掉色沾到我手上了 ② (wipe off) «mark, stain» 被擦掉 bèi cādiào 
▸ the chalk/the pencil rubs off easily 粉笔/铅笔痕迹容易擦掉 ③ figurative (be transferred) 传给 chuán gěi 
▸ I hope your enthusiasm rubs off on him 我希望你的热情能感染他 rub out A. transitive verb [rub sth out, rub out sth] British (erase) 擦掉 cādiào ‹word, drawing›B. transitive verb [rub sb out, rub out sb] US informal (kill) 干掉 gàndiào C. intransitive verb British «mark, stain» 被擦掉 bèi cādiào 



rule | BrE ruːl, AmE rul | A. noun ① countable (regulation) (of game, sport, system) 规则 guīzé ;
 (of religion) 教规 jiàoguī ;
 (of school, company, organization) 规章 guīzhāng 
▸ rules and regulations 规章制度 
▸ school/EU rules 校规/欧盟法规 
▸ to break the rules 违规 
▸ to obey/follow/observe the rules 服从/遵循/遵守规则 
▸ to be against the rules (to do sth) 违反规定（做某事） 
▸ under this rule 按照这条规定 
▸ it is a rule that … …是规定 
▸ the rules of the game literal 游戏规则 figurative 行为准则 xíngwéi zhǔnzé 
▸ to play by the rules literal 按规则玩游戏 figurative 处事公正诚实 chǔshì gōngzhèng chéngshí 
▸ to play by one's own/sb's rules 按自己的原则/某人的规矩行事 
▸ to bend or stretch the rules 通融 ② countable (piece of advice) 建议 jiànyì 
▸ hard and fast rules 一定之规 
▸ there are two vital rules to remember 有两条极其重要的原则要记住 ③ countable (usual occurrence) 常规 chángguī 
▸ I make it a rule always/never to do … 我的习惯是一向/从不做… 
▸ hot summers are the rule here 这里的夏天通常很炎热 
▸ as a rule 通常 
▸ as a general rule 一般说来 ④ uncountable (authority) 统治 tǒngzhì 
▸ colonial/civilian/military rule 殖民/文官/军人统治 
▸ majority/minority rule 多数派政党/少数派政党执政 
▸ under the rule of a tyrant 在暴君的统治下 ⑤ countable (for measuring) 直尺 zhíchǐ 
▸ a metre rule 米尺 B. transitive verb ① (govern) «monarch, dictator» 统治 tǒngzhì ‹country›
▸ to rule with a rod of iron or with an iron hand 实行铁腕统治 ② (dominate) 主宰 zhǔzǎi 
▸ eighty million years ago, dinosaurs ruled the earth 8,000万年前，地球是恐龙的天下 ③ (influence) «money, appetite» 支配 zhīpèi ‹person, life, character›;
 «person, consideration» 控制 kòngzhì ‹behaviour›;
 «factor» 决定 juédìng ‹strategy›
▸ to be ruled by;
 受…支配 ‹emotion, greed, need›
▸ to let one's heart rule one's head 感情用事 ④ (decide) 裁定 cáidìng 
▸ to rule sb/sth (to be) sth;
 «judge, court» 裁定某人/某事为某情况 
▸ to rule sth unlawful or illegal 判定某事非法 
▸ to rule that …;
 裁定… ⑤ (draw) 用直尺画 yòng zhíchǐ huà ‹line, margin›C. intransitive verb ① (govern) «monarch, dictator» 统治 tǒngzhì 
▸ to rule over sb/sth;
 统治某人/某处 ② (dominate) «order» 起支配作用 qǐ zhīpèi zuòyòng ;
 «chaos, fashion» 成风 chéngfēng 
▸ anarchy rules 无政府主义猖獗 ③ Law «judge, court» 作出裁定 zuòchū cáidìng 
▸ to rule in favour of sb/sth;
 判定某人/某机构胜诉 
▸ to rule against sb/sth;
 判定某人/某机构败诉 
▸ to rule on sth;
 对某事作出裁决 ④ informal (be excellent) 很棒 hěn bàng 
▸ Leeds United rule OK! 利兹联队必胜！ PHRASAL VERBS rule off A. intransitive verb 画分隔线 huà fēngé xiàn B. transitive verb [rule sth off, rule off sth] 画线隔开 huà xiàn gékāi ‹section, column›rule out transitive verb [rule sb/sth out, rule out sb/sth] ① (exclude) «person, police» 排除 páichú ‹person, suspect, possibility›
▸ to rule sb/sth out as sth;
 因某情况而排除某人/某事物 
▸ to rule sb/sth out of sth;
 从某事中排除某人/某事物 ② (prevent) «person, weather, situation» 阻止 zǔzhǐ ‹activity, person›
▸ rain ruled out play for the day 白天的比赛因雨取消 
▸ to rule out doing sth;
 阻止做某事 
▸ the chairman has ruled out spending any more money on the project 董事长已决定不再给这个项目投资了 
▸ his age effectively ruled him out as a possible candidate 他的年龄使他根本不可能成为候选人 
▸ to rule sb/sth out of sth;
 阻止某人/某物参加某事 
▸ he has been ruled out of the match with a knee injury 他因膝盖受伤而无缘这场比赛 



瞤 rún （瞤）〈文〉①动 眼皮跳动。 ②动 肌肉抽搐。



rush1 | BrE rʌʃ, AmE rəʃ | A. intransitive verb ① (move with urgency) «person, vehicle» 急促移动 jícù yídòng 
▸ to rush at sb/sth;
 向某人/某物冲去 
▸ to rush down/up the stairs 冲下/冲上楼梯 
▸ to rush round the house 在屋子里四下忙活 
▸ to rush along the street 沿街冲去 
▸ to rush out of the room/up to sb 冲出房间/冲向某人 
▸ he rushed off before I could tell him 我还没来得及告诉他，他就急着走了 ② (flow strongly) «water, river» 奔腾 bēnténg ;
 «wind» 猛烈地刮 měngliè de guā ;
 «air» 急速流动 jísù liúdòng 
▸ the sound of rushing water 湍急的水声 
▸ a rushing stream 湍急的小溪 
▸ the stream rushed down the mountainside 小溪从山坡上急流而下 
▸ the blood rushed to his face 血一下子涌到了他的脸上 ③ (act quickly) 匆忙行事 cōngmáng xíngshì 
▸ don't rush 别急 
▸ to rush at sth;
 匆忙做某事 
▸ to rush to do sth;
 匆忙做某事 
▸ to rush to explain 急忙解释 B. transitive verb ① (send urgently) 紧急运送 jǐnjí yùnsòng 
▸ to rush sb/sth to sb/sth;
 将…紧急运送至… ‹supplies, troops›
▸ to be rushed to hospital British or the hospital US 被紧急送到医院 
▸ police reinforcements were rushed to the scene 增援的警力被火速派往现场 ② (send quickly) 迅速发送 xùnsù fāsòng 
▸ to rush sb sth;
 将…迅速发送给某人 ‹copy, book›
▸ please rush me my copy 请把我的那本赶紧送来 ③ (do hastily) 仓促做 cāngcù zuò 
▸ don't try to rush things 不要草率行事 ④ (pressurize, hurry) 催促 cuīcù ‹person›
▸ I don't want to rush you, but … 我不想催你，但是… 
▸ to be rushed off one's feet 忙得不可开交 ⑤ (charge at) 冲向 chōng xiàng ‹building, platform, position›⑥ US University «fraternity, sorority» 特别关注 tèbié guānzhù ‹student, freshman›C. noun ① countable singular (fast movement) 快速的移动 kuàisù de yídòng 
▸ a rush of photographers/volunteers 一拥而上的摄影师/志愿者 
▸ a rush for sth;
 朝…冲去 ‹exit, train, toilet›
▸ a rush for the door/towards the buffet 朝门口/自助餐台涌去 
▸ a rush to do sth;
 冲去做某事 
▸ to make a rush at or for sb/sth 朝某人/某处冲去 ② countable singular (fast flow of water, blood, air) 涌动 yǒngdòng 
▸ to have a rush of blood to one's cheeks 血涌上了双颊 
▸ a rush of blood to the head 头脑一热 ③ uncountable and countable (hurry) 匆忙 cōngmáng 
▸ to be in a rush (to do sth);
 匆忙（做某事） 
▸ to do sth in a rush;
 急匆匆地做某事 
▸ it all happened in such a rush 一切都发生得如此匆忙 
▸ we had a rush to make the deadline 我们匆匆赶在最后期限前完成任务 
▸ is there any rush? 着急吗？ 
▸ there's no rush 不必着急 
▸ what's the rush? 干吗这么急匆匆的？ 
▸ why (all) the rush? 急什么？ ④ countable (busy time) 繁忙 fánmáng 
▸ the morning/evening rush （交通的）早上/晚上高峰 
▸ the Christmas/summer rush 圣诞节购物热潮/夏季旅游热潮 
▸ beat the rush! 避开交通高峰！ ⑤ countable (sudden demand) 抢购 qiǎnggòu 
▸ a rush on or for sth;
 抢购某物 ⑥ countable (of emotion) 冲动 chōngdòng ;
 (of energy) 涌动 yǒngdòng 
▸ to experience a sudden rush of adrenalin 突然热血沸腾 ⑦ countable informal (thrill) [吸毒后的] 快感 kuàigǎn 
▸ it gives you a rush 它会让你感到亢奋 ⑧ countable US University 学生联谊会纳新活动 xuésheng liányìhuì nàxīn huódòng 
▸ rush party/week 学生联谊会纳新晚会/周 D. rushes plural noun Cinema 样片 yàngpiàn PHRASAL VERBS rush into: transitive verb ① [rush into sth] (undertake hastily) «person» 仓促进行 cāngcù jìnxíng ‹purchase, sale›
▸ to rush into marriage/a decision/a commitment 仓促结婚/作出决定/作出承诺 ② (make do hastily) 使仓促进行 shǐ cāngcù jìnxíng 
▸ to rush sb into sth/doing sth;
 催促某人做某事 
▸ don't be rushed into it 不要因为有人催就草率行事 rush out transitive verb [rush sth out, rush out sth] 匆匆印制 cōngcōng yìnzhì ‹edition, pamphlet›;
 匆匆作出 cōngcōng zuòchū ‹announcement, statement›rush through transitive verb [rush through sth, rush sth through] 快速通过 kuàisù tōngguò ‹bill, amendment›;
 迅速处理 xùnsù chǔlǐ ‹order, application›
▸ to rush a bill through parliament 使议案在议会匆匆通过 
