


magnify | BrE ˈmaɡnɪfʌɪ, AmE ˈmæɡnəˌfaɪ | transitive verb ① (make appear larger) 放大 fàngdà 
▸ to magnify sth to 10 times its size 把某物放大10倍 ② (increase) 扩大 kuòdà ;
 (intensify) 增强 zēngqiáng ;
 (exaggerate) 夸大 kuādà 
▸ his problems have been magnified by the deterioration in his health 健康状况恶化使他的问题雪上加霜 



maintain | BrE meɪnˈteɪn,mənˈteɪn, AmE meɪnˈteɪn | transitive verb ① (keep steady) 维持 wéichí 
▸ to maintain good relations 保持友好关系 
▸ to maintain world peace 维护世界和平 
▸ we must maintain our position in the market 我们必须保持我们的市场地位 ② (support) 供养 gōngyǎng 
▸ to maintain a family of 6 养活一个六口之家 
▸ a children's home maintained by the local authority 由地方当局资助的儿童收养所 ③ (assert) 坚称 jiān chēng 
▸ to maintain that …;
 坚持说… ④ (look after) 保养 bǎoyǎng ‹vehicle, machine, building›
▸ to maintain a road 养护道路 



马克 mǎkè ①名 德国、芬兰等国旧本位货币。 ②量 德国、芬兰等国旧本位货币单位。



manage | BrE ˈmanɪdʒ, AmE ˈmænɪdʒ | A. transitive verb ① (succeed) 完成 wánchéng 
▸ to manage to do sth;
 做成某事 
▸ I managed to find us a hotel 我为大家找到了旅馆 
▸ she managed to offend everyone 她居然把大伙都得罪了 ② (find possible) 做得到 zuòdedào 
▸ can you manage six o'clock? 6点钟你行吗？ 
▸ I can't manage the meeting 我没法去开会 
▸ could you manage lunch on Friday? 星期五你能来吃午饭吗？ 
▸ I couldn't manage another thing! 我再也吃不下了！ 
▸ I can manage sixty words per minute 我每分钟可以打60个字 
▸ he's not very good at French, but he can manage a few words 他法语不太好，但是勉强能说几句 ③ (administer) 管理 guǎnlǐ ‹finances, organization, department, project›;
 经营 jīngyíng ‹business, hotel›
▸ a company director must know how to manage risk/debt 公司董事必须懂得如何进行风险/债务管理 ④ (control, supervise) 掌管 zhǎngguǎn ‹team, staff, performer›
▸ he managed Manchester United in the 1960s 他曾于20世纪60年代掌管曼联队 
▸ he once managed the Beatles 他曾是甲壳虫乐队的经理人 ⑤ Farming 开发利用 kāifā lìyòng ‹land, forest›⑥ (deal with, cope with) 能对付 néng duìfu ‹crisis, stress›
▸ parents who have difficulty managing their children 管不住孩子的父母 
▸ he knows how to manage her 他知道如何对付她 
▸ he gets short of breath and can't manage the stairs 他气喘吁吁，楼梯都上不去了 
▸ we could manage one more in the back (of the car) 我们（车）后面还能挤下一个人 ⑦ (organize, use well) 打理 dǎlǐ ‹time, resources›
▸ to manage money 理财 B. intransitive verb ① (cope) 应付过去 yìngfu guòqu 
▸ I can manage by myself 我自己能行 
▸ to manage without …;
 没有…也能行 
▸ we haven't got any more cheese, so I'll have to manage without 我们没有奶酪了，所以我只能将就一下了 
▸ to just about manage 勉强能应付 
▸ to manage on sth;
 靠…勉强过活 ‹income, amount›② (be manager) 经营 jīngyíng 



march | BrE mɑːtʃ, AmE mɑrtʃ | A. intransitive verb ① (walk in military manner) 齐步走 qíbù zǒu 
▸ to march in time to the music 踏着音乐节拍齐步走 
▸ to march on 向…进军 ‹place›
▸ forward march! Military 齐步走！ 
▸ to march (for) forty miles in one day 在1天内行军40英里 
▸ time/progress marches on 时间流逝/不断进步 ② (walk in protest) 游行示威 yóuxíng shìwēi 
▸ to march in protest at/in support of sth 游行抗议/支持某事 
▸ to march against/for sth 游行反对/拥护某事 ③ (walk briskly) 快步行走 kuàibù xíngzǒu B. transitive verb 使行进 shǐ xíngjìn 
▸ she grabbed his arm and marched him into/out of the office 她揪住他的胳膊把他推进/推出了办公室 
▸ the officer marched the prisoners around the yard 军官命令囚犯们在院子里来回齐步走 
▸ they marched him off to prison 他们把他押送入狱 C. noun ① Military 行军 xíngjūn 
▸ a quick/slow march 快/慢步走 
▸ a forced march 急行军 
▸ on the march (attack) 行军中 (move) 在行进中 ② (demonstration) 游行示威 yóuxíng shìwēi 
▸ to go on/take part in a march 进行/参加游行示威 
▸ a march against/for/in protest at/in support of sth 反对/拥护/抗议/支持某事物的游行示威 
▸ a march on the White House 走向白宫的游行示威 
▸ a peace/protest march 和平请愿/抗议游行 ③ Music 进行曲 jìnxíngqǔ 
▸ a funeral or dead march 哀乐 
▸ a wedding or bridal march 婚礼进行曲 ④ figurative (progress) 进展 jìnzhǎn 
▸ the march of sth;
 某事的推进 
▸ the steady march of time 时间的不断推移 
▸ the march to or towards sth;
 通向某事的发展过程 



mark1 | BrE mɑːk, AmE mɑrk | A. noun ① (visible patch) (on leaf, vegetable, fruit, etc.) 斑点 bāndiǎn ;
 (on skin) 斑痕 bānhén ;
 (on fabric, clothing) 污点 wūdiǎn 
▸ a grease mark 油迹 
▸ a stubborn mark 顽渍 ② (written or printed symbol) 符号 fúhào 
▸ a proofreading mark 校对符号 
▸ to put or make a mark on or in sth 在某物上做记号 
▸ to put or make one's mark (on sth) （在某物上）画押 ③ (point on vertical or horizontal scale) 刻度 kèdù ;
 (point on graph or curve) 标线 biāoxiàn 
▸ the high-water mark 高水位线 
▸ the runners have passed the 3,000-metre mark 长跑运动员已经通过了3000米标志处 
▸ up to the mark figurative 符合标准的 
▸ (not) to be or feel up to the mark 感觉（不）舒服 ④ (identifying symbol) (on clothing) 标签 biāoqiān ;
 (on object) 商标 shāngbiāo 
▸ a laundry mark 洗衣店标签 
▸ a printer's mark 印刷社商标 ⑤ (sign, symbol) 标志 biāozhì 
▸ as a mark of sth 作为某物的标志 
▸ the mark of a gentleman 绅士的特征 ⑥ (lasting impression) 印记 yìnjì 
▸ to leave or make its/one's mark (on sb/sth) （给某人/某事物）留下影响 
▸ to make one's mark (in sth/as sth) （在某方面/从事某事）成名 
▸ to bear the mark(s) of sth 带有某物的印记 ⑦ (mainly British) (score) (for school work) 得分 défēn ;
 (for behaviour) 等第 děngdì 
▸ a mark in or for maths/geography 数学/地理分数 
▸ to get a good/bad/high/low mark 得到好/差/高/低分 
▸ to give or award sb a mark 给某人打分 
▸ to get no marks (as sth/for sth/for doing sth) （从事某职业/在某方面/做某事）做得不好 ⑧ Mark (model in series) 型号 xínghào ⑨ Mark British (oven temperature) 挡 dǎng 
▸ at gas mark 4 以4挡烤箱温度 ⑩ (target) 靶子 bǎzi 
▸ to hit or strike or find its or the mark «arrow, bullet» 击中目标 «guess» 猜对 cāiduì «criticism» 切中要害 qièzhòng yàohài 
▸ he made a great effort, and hit the mark 他经过艰苦努力达到了目的 
▸ to miss its or the mark literal «arrow, bullet» 没击中目标 figurative «guess» 猜错 cāicuò 
▸ he tried, but completely missed the mark 他努力了，但完全失败了 
▸ to be or fall wide of the mark literal 远离目标 figurative 毫不相关 háo bù xiāngguān 
▸ on the mark 准确 
▸ off the mark 不准确 ⑪ Sport (starting line) 起跑线 qǐpǎoxiàn 
▸ to be quick/slow off the mark literal 起跑快/慢 figurative 理解快/慢 lǐjiě kuài/màn 
▸ to be quick/slow off the mark to do or in doing sth 不失时机地/慢吞吞地做某事 
▸ to overstep the mark 做得过分 
▸ on your marks, (get) set, go! 各就各位，预备，跑！ 
▸ to get off the mark literal 起跑 figurative 出发 chūfā B. transitive verb ① (stain, disfigure) 留痕迹于 liú hénjì yú 
▸ the apples had all been marked 所有的苹果上都有斑点 
▸ to mark sb for life figurative 给某人留下终生影响 ② (write on) 作记号于 zuò jìhao yú ‹object, clothing›;
 (indicate the position of) 标示 biāoshì ‹place, route›
▸ to mark sth with sth;
 用某物在某物上做记号 
▸ to mark sth on sth;
 把某记号标在某物上 
▸ can you mark the hospital on the map? 你能在地图上标出医院的位置吗？ 
▸ to mark one's place (in a book) 标明（读书的）进度 
▸ mark where we have to turn left 在我们要左转弯的地方做上记号 ③ (identify, indicate) 标志 biāozhì ‹end, stage›
▸ to mark sth as sth or as being sth 赋予某物某特点 
▸ he is marked as a future champion 他被看成未来的冠军 
▸ to mark time literal 原地踏步 figurative 等待时机 děngdài shíjī ④ (celebrate, acknowledge) 庆祝 qìngzhù ‹occasion, anniversary›
▸ to be marked by sth 以某活动作为庆祝 ⑤ usually passive (characterize) 是…的特征 shì… de tèzhēng ‹period of time, style›
▸ to be marked by sth;
 以某物为特征 
▸ an age marked by unrest and violence 充满动荡和暴力的时代 ⑥ (mainly British) (award marks to) 给…打分 gěi… dǎfēn ‹student, performance›⑦ (record, tick) 记下 jìxia ‹person, homework›
▸ to mark sb absent/present 给某人记缺勤/出勤 
▸ to mark sth right/wrong 把某事物判为正确/错误 ⑧ usually imperative 
▸ (note) mark my words 留心听我的话 liúxīn tīng wǒ de huà 
▸ mark you 你听着 nǐ tīngzhe [表示转折]
▸ mark you, it may not be true 不过，这事不一定是真的 ⑨ British Sport 盯防 dīngfáng ‹opponent›
▸ to mark sb closely or tightly 严密盯防某人 C. intransitive verb ① British School, University 评分 píngfēn ② (become marked) 留下痕迹 liúxia hénjì 
▸ this dress marks easily 这件连衣裙容易弄脏 PHRASAL VERBS mark down transitive verb [mark sb/sth down, mark down sb/sth] ① (mainly British) (reduce mark of) 降低…的分数 jiàngdī… de fēnshù ② 
▸ (adjudge) to mark sb down as sth/as being sth;
 把某人看成是某样的人 bǎ mǒu rén kànchéng shì mǒu yàng de rén 
▸ to mark sb down as a future star/a no-hoper 将某人看作是明日之星/无能之人 ③ (record) 记下 jìxia ‹person's name, answer›
▸ to mark sb down as present/absent;
 把某人记为出勤/缺勤 ④ (decrease price of) 给…降价 gěi… jiàngjià ‹item›
▸ all goods in the sale have been marked down by 10% 所有特卖商品都削价10％ mark off transitive verb [mark sth off, mark off sth] ① (separate off) 划出 huáchū ‹area›② (tick off) 在…上做记号 zài… shang zuò jìhao ‹item in list, name›mark out: transitive verb ① [mark sb out, mark out sb] (distinguish, identify) 使与众不同 shǐ yǔ zhòng bù tóng 
▸ to mark sb out as sth/as being sth;
 区分某人为某样的人 
▸ his sword marked him out as an officer 从他的佩剑可以看出他是个军官 ② [mark sth out, mark out sth] (delimit) 划出…的界限 huá chū… de jièxiàn ‹area›mark up A. [mark sb/sth up, mark up sb/sth] transitive verb (mainly British) (increase mark of) 提高…的分数 tígāo… de fēnshù B. [mark sth up, mark up sth] transitive verb ① Business (increase price of) 给…加价 gěi… jiā jià ‹item›② (for keying or typesetting) 为…标注排版说明 wèi… biāozhù páibǎn shuōmíng ;
 (correct text of) 审校 shěnjiào 



marry | BrE ˈmari, AmE ˈmɛri | A. intransitive verb ① literal 结婚 jiéhūn 
▸ to marry young 早婚 
▸ to marry again 再婚 
▸ he's not the marrying kind 他不是那种想结婚的人 ② figurative (blend) 结合 jiéhé 
▸ to marry with sth;
 与某事物相结合 B. transitive verb ① (wed) 与…结婚 yǔ… jiéhūn 
▸ to marry money figurative informal «woman» 嫁给有钱人 «man» 娶个有钱女人 qǔ gè yǒuqián nǚrén ② (join in marriage) «minister» 为…主持婚礼 wèi… zhǔchí hūnlǐ ‹couple›
▸ to marry one's daughter/son to sb 把女儿嫁给某人/为儿子娶某人 ③ figurative (combine) 使…相结合 shǐ… xiāng jiéhé ‹styles, ideas›
▸ to marry sth with sth, to marry sth and sth;
 使某事物与某事物紧密结合 PHRASAL VERBS marry into transitive verb [marry into sth] 结婚后成为…的一员 jiéhūn hòu chéngwéi… de yī yuán ‹family, aristocracy›;
 靠结婚获得 kào jiéhūn huòdé ‹fortune, money›
▸ to marry into a rich family «woman» 嫁到有钱人家 «man» 入赘有钱人家 rùzhuì yǒuqián rénjiā marry off: transitive verb [marry sb off, marry off sb] 为…找结婚对象 wèi… zhǎo jiéhūn duìxiàng 
▸ at last we managed to marry her off! 我们终于把她嫁出去了！ 
▸ to marry sb off to sb;
 给…娶某人 ‹man› 把…嫁给某人 bǎ… jià gěi mǒu rén ‹woman›marry up A. transitive verb ① (join up) 连结 liánjié ‹parts, pieces›
▸ to marry up the two halves of the poster 将两半海报拼接起来 ② (combine) 将…紧密结合 jiāng… jǐnmì jiéhé ‹stories, accounts›
▸ to marry up sth with sth;
 使某物与某物紧密结合 B. intransitive verb ① (join up) «parts, pieces» 连结 liánjié ② (agree) «facts, accounts» 匹配 pǐpèi 



mash | BrE maʃ, AmE mæʃ | A. noun ① countable (mixture) 糊状物 húzhuàngwù ② uncountable British informal (potatoes) 土豆泥 tǔdòuní ③ uncountable and countable Farming (feed) 谷物饲料 gǔwù sìliào B. transitive verb 把…捣烂 bǎ… dǎo làn ‹food›
▸ mashed potatoes 土豆泥 tǔdòuní PHRASAL VERB mash up transitive verb [mash up sth, mash sth up] 把…捣烂 bǎ… dǎo làn ‹food›



match1 | BrE matʃ, AmE mætʃ | A. noun ① (Sport) (mainly British) 比赛 bǐsài 
▸ an away/a home match 客场/主场比赛 
▸ a shouting/slanging match 大声争吵/互相谩骂 ② (equal, challenger) 对手 duìshǒu 
▸ a good/poor match 实力相当/实力不济的对手 
▸ to meet one's match 棋逢对手 
▸ to be a/no match for sb;
 是/不是某人的对手 
▸ to be more than sb's match 胜过某人 ③ (pairing) 相配之物 xiāngpèi zhī wù 
▸ a good/poor/perfect match 很/不/完全般配的东西 
▸ to form a match 匹配 pǐpèi 
▸ the blood sample is a perfect match with or for that found at the scene of the crime 血样与犯罪现场发现的血迹完全一致 ④ (partner) 搭档 dādàng 
▸ to make a good match (for sb) 是（某人）很好的搭档 
▸ don't you think they're a good match? 你不觉得他们是很好的一对吗？ ⑤ (marriage) 婚姻 hūnyīn ;
 (arrangement of marriage) 婚配 hūnpèi 
▸ a good/an unfortunate match 美满/不幸的婚姻 
▸ to make a match 结婚 B. transitive verb ① (put together appropriately) 使相配 shǐ xiāngpèi 
▸ to match A and B or A with B or A to B 把A和B配对 
▸ can you match the names to the photos? 你能把姓名和照片对上号吗？ ② (harmonize with) 和…相配 hé… xiāngpèi ‹colour, furnishings›;
 Medicine 和…匹配 hé… pǐpèi ‹blood type, bone marrow›③ (correspond to) 与…一致 yǔ… yīzhì ‹ability, quality, description›
▸ which word matches the definition given? 哪个词符合给出的定义？ ④ (compete with, equal) 比得上 bǐdeshàng ‹standard›
▸ to match sb at tennis 在打网球上和某人旗鼓相当 
▸ match that if you can! 有本事你来试一试！ 
▸ the government will match your contribution dollar for dollar 你捐出多少钱，政府就会拿出多少钱 
▸ to be matched (by sth);
 （与某物）旗鼓相当 
▸ his wit cannot be matched 他的机智无与伦比 ⑤ (put in competition, pit) 使…较量 shǐ… jiàoliàng ‹person, team›;
 比试 bǐshi ‹ability, quality›
▸ they matched wits 他们展开了斗智 
▸ to match one's skill against sb else's 和某人比技巧 C. intransitive verb «parts, garments, colours» 相配 xiāngpèi ;
 Medicine «blood types, samples» 匹配 pǐpèi 
▸ I can't get the two sides to match 我不能使双方达成一致 
▸ shoes with handbag to match 有手提包搭配的鞋 PHRASAL VERB match up A. intransitive verb ① (fit together) «parts, designs» 相配 xiāngpèi ② 
▸ to match up to sth (be as good as, equal) 比得上 bǐdeshàng ‹standard, quality› 与…相适应 yǔ… xiāng shìyìng ‹reputation, hopes›
▸ somehow it doesn't quite match up to my expectations 不知为什么事情总不如我所料想的 B. transitive verb [match sth up, match up sth] 使…相配 shǐ… xiāngpèi ‹garments, colours›



matter | BrE ˈmatə, AmE ˈmædər | A. noun ① countable (subject, situation) 事情 shìqing 
▸ the heart/crux/root of the matter 问题的本质/关键/根本 
▸ the matter in hand/under discussion 手头的/讨论的问题 
▸ business matters 商务 
▸ financial matters 财务 
▸ the matter is closed 事情到此为止 
▸ to let the matter drop or rest (leave alone) 搁置某事 (stop mentioning) 不再提某事 
▸ that is the end of or an end to the matter 这事儿就到此为止 
▸ in the matter of Smith versus Jones Law 在史密斯诉琼斯一案中 
▸ there's the small matter of the £3,000 you owe me! ironic 有件小事：你欠我3000英镑还没还！ 
▸ a personal or private matter 私事 
▸ that's another or a different matter (entirely) 这（完全）是另一回事 
▸ for that matter (in that regard) 就此而言 (furthermore) 而且 
▸ no matter 不要紧 
▸ no matter who/what/how/why/when/where 不管谁/什么/怎样/为何/何时/何地 
▸ to be or make no matter (to sb);
 （对某人来说）无所谓 
▸ no small/great/easy matter 不是什么小事/大事/容易的事 
▸ to be no laughing or joking matter 是正经事 
▸ a hanging matter literal 该处以绞刑的事情 figurative 严重事件 yánzhòng shìjiàn 
▸ not to mince matters 坦率地说 
▸ a matter of principle/taste;
 原则/品位问题 
▸ that's a matter of opinion 这是个见仁见智的问题 
▸ a life-and-death or life-or-death matter 生死攸关的事情 
▸ a matter of record 有案可查的事 
▸ a matter of time 时间问题 
▸ in just a matter of hours 在区区几小时之内 
▸ a (plain) matter of fact （简单的）事实问题 
▸ as a matter of fact 其实 
▸ as a matter of course 照例 
▸ a matter for sb/sth;
 应该由某人/某物处理的事情 ② uncountable (problem, trouble) 问题 wèntí 
▸ what's the matter, John? 怎么啦，约翰？ 
▸ what's the matter with you/your eye? 你/你的眼睛怎么了？ 
▸ there's nothing the matter with me 我没事 
▸ what's the matter with dreaming of a better life? 向往更好的生活有什么错吗？ 
▸ there's nothing the matter with looking! 看一看又有什么关系！ 
▸ something is the matter 有问题 ③ uncountable Physics (physical substance) 物质 wùzhì 
▸ a particle of matter 物质微粒 
▸ inert/organic/inorganic matter 惰性/有机/无机物质 
▸ colouring matter 染料 ④ uncountable 
▸ Printing (written or printed material) reading matter 阅读材料 yuèdú cáiliào 
▸ printed matter 印刷品 yìnshuāpǐn ⑤ uncountable Medicine (pus) 脓 nóng ;
 (discharge from the body) 排出物 páichūwù B. matters plural noun (state of affairs) 事态 shìtài 
▸ to make matters worse 使情况更糟 
▸ there's nothing we can do to change matters 我们无力改变现状 
▸ to take matters into one's own hands 亲自掌控事态的发展 C. intransitive verb 要紧 yàojǐn 
▸ punctuality matters 准时很重要 
▸ to matter to sb;
 对某人来说很重要 
▸ it matters what/how/when/whether … 什么/怎样/何时/是否…很重要 
▸ it doesn't matter (in the least or slightest) （一点也）不要紧 
▸ it matters/doesn't matter about sb/sth 某人/某物很重要/无关紧要 



mean1 | BrE miːn, AmE min | transitive verb past tense, past participle meant ① (signify, convey) 表示…的意思 biǎoshì… de yìsi 
▸ what does this symbol/word mean? 这个符号/词是什么意思？ 
▸ to mean that …;
 意思是… 
▸ to be meant by sth;
 某物的意思是… 
▸ do you know what is meant by the phrase? 你知道这个短语的意思吗？ 
▸ to mean sth to sb;
 对某人来说有某意义 
▸ does the name Arthur Trilling mean anything to you? 你知道阿瑟特里林是谁吗？ 
▸ his music means absolutely nothing to me 我根本听不懂他的音乐 
▸ when she said that, she meant it 她说那话是认真的 ② (intend to say) 指的是 zhǐ de shì 
▸ do you mean Ann Smith or Mary Smith? 你说的是安史密斯还是玛丽史密斯？ 
▸ do you mean me? 你是在说我吗？ 
▸ to mean that …;
 说的是… 
▸ did he mean (that) he was not satisfied with the product? 他是说对产品不满意吗？ ③ (imply, entail) 意味着 yìwèizhe 
▸ money doesn't mean happiness 金钱并不意味着幸福 
▸ to mean trouble 意味着麻烦 
▸ to mean that …;
 意味着… 
▸ this will mean (his or him) having to go to Germany 这将意味着（他）必须去德国 
▸ to mean sth to sb;
 对某人意味着某事 
▸ what it means to live in a democracy! 生活在民主国家真好！ ④ (intend) 打算 dǎsuàn 
▸ to mean to do sth;
 打算做某事 
▸ I didn't mean to hurt you 我不是有意要伤害你的 
▸ I mean to be an architect 我打算当一名建筑师 
▸ to mean to say sth 想要表达某种意思 
▸ they're meant to be reliable cars 它们本应是质量可靠的车 
▸ you're not meant to stay up so late! 你不能这么晚还不睡觉！ 
▸ to mean sb to do sth British 希望某人做某事 
▸ I mean you to ask him directly 我希望你直接问他 
▸ to mean for sb to do sth US 希望某人做某事 
▸ I meant it to be a surprise 我本来想借此给大家一个惊喜 
▸ to mean sth by doing sth;
 做某事的意图在于某事 
▸ what do you mean by opening my letters? 你拆我的信干什么？ 
▸ I only meant it as a joke 我只是想开个玩笑 
▸ to mean no harm (to sb), to mean (sb) no harm;
 （对某人）没有恶意 
▸ to mean what one says 说话当真 
▸ without meaning to 不是故意 
▸ he let the secret slip out without meaning to 他在不经意间泄露了秘密 
▸ don't laugh! I mean it! 不要笑！我是认真的！ 
▸ take no notice of what he says, he doesn't mean anything by it 不要理会他说的话，他有口无心 
▸ to mean business 是认真的 
▸ to mean mischief/trouble 怀有恶意/打算制造麻烦 
▸ to mean well 怀有好意 ⑤ usually passive (destine) 注定 zhùdìng 
▸ to be meant to do sth;
 注定会做某事 
▸ I was always meant to go to Spain 我早就注定要去西班牙 
▸ to be meant for great things 注定要成就大事业 
▸ they were meant for each other 他们是天生的一对 



measure | BrE ˈmɛʒə, AmE ˈmɛʒər | A. noun ① countable and uncountable (system of units) 计量制 jìliàngzhì 
▸ tables of weights and measures 度量衡表 
▸ a measure of capacity 容量单位 
▸ a metric measure 公制 ② countable (unit) 计量单位 jìliàng dānwèi ③ countable and uncountable (standard amount) 标准量 biāozhǔnliàng 
▸ a measure of grain/whisky 标准量的谷物/威士忌 
▸ a double measure of vodka 两份伏特加酒 
▸ to do things by half measures 做事不彻底 
▸ to give full/short measure 给足量/不给足量 
▸ to make sth to measure;
 量身定做某物 
▸ made to measure 量身定做的 
▸ for good measure 作为额外添加 
▸ she said her prayers at her bedside, and then repeated them in bed for good measure 她在床边做了祈祷，上床后又重复了一遍 ④ countable (action, step) 措施 cuòshī 
▸ to do sth as a preventive/emergency measure 作为预防/紧急措施做某事 
▸ to take measures to do sth;
 采取措施做某事 
▸ to take measures against sth;
 采取措施对付某事物 
▸ safety or security measures 安全措施 ⑤ Politics (legislative bill) 议案 yì'àn 
▸ the measure was defeated 议案未获通过 ⑥ countable and uncountable (amount) 数量 shùliàng ;
 (degree) 程度 chéngdù 
▸ a or some measure of sth;
 某种程度的某物 
▸ in equal/full/great/large/some/no small measure 在同等/最大/极大/很大/某种/很大程度上 
▸ she repaid the loan in full measure 她全额偿还了贷款 ⑦ countable (device for measuring) 量具 liángjù ⑧ countable (way of estimating, indication) 标准 biāozhǔn 
▸ a measure of sth;
 判断某物的尺度 
▸ his resignation is a measure of how angry he is 他的辞职表明他非常愤怒 
▸ this gives some measure of her delight/talent/failure/arrogance 这多少可以表示她很快乐/很有天赋/很失败/很傲慢 ⑨ uncountable (assessment) 评价 píngjià 
▸ to get or take or have the measure of sb;
 (of character) 估量某人的品格 (of abilities) 估量某人的能力 
▸ I can't express an opinion yet: I'm still taking his measure 我还不能发表看法：我还在了解他 
▸ beyond (all) measure 极其 
▸ her joy was beyond measure 她非常快乐 ⑩ countable Literature (metre) 格律 gélǜ ⑪ countable Music (beat) 拍子 pāizi ⑫ countable US Music (bar) 小节 xiǎojié B. transitive verb ① (ascertain size of) 测量 cèliáng 
▸ to measure the width of a door/the level of an electric current/the speed of a car 测量门的宽度/电流强度/汽车速度 
▸ to measure sth in metres/litres/tons 用米/升/吨来测量某物 
▸ I'm going to get myself measured for a new outfit 我要去量尺寸做一套新衣服 
▸ to measure oneself against sb/sth;
 使自己与某人/某物比 
▸ to measure sth/sb against/with sth/sb;
 拿某物/某人和某物/某人比 
▸ to measure one's strength against sb else('s) 和某人比力气 
▸ to measure one's length 平倒在地上 ② (have measurement of) 量度为 liángdù wéi ‹unit of measurement›
▸ to measure four by five metres 宽4米长5米 
▸ a tremor measuring 5.2 on the Richter scale 里氏5.2级的地震 
▸ what does this table measure? 这张桌子是什么尺寸的？ ③ (take exact quantity of) 量出 liángchū 
▸ to measure sth into sth;
 量出某物放入某物中 ④ figurative (assess) 衡量 héngliáng ‹ability, effect›
▸ he is a man who measures his words 他是个讲话字斟句酌的人 ⑤ (serve to gauge, indicate) 用作…的计量器 yòngzuò… de jìliàngqì 
▸ a thermometer measures temperature 温度计是用来测量温度的 C. intransitive verb 测量 cèliáng PHRASAL VERBS measure off transitive verb [measure sth off, measure off sth] 量出 liángchū ‹length, area›measure out transitive verb [measure sth out, measure out sth] 量出 liángchū ‹substance, quantity›;
 figurative 给予 jǐyǔ ‹criticism›
▸ to measure out a dose of medicine/a pint of beer 量出一剂药/一品脱啤酒 
▸ some harsh punishments were measured out 给予了严厉的惩罚 measure up A. transitive verb [measure sth/sb up, measure up sth/sb] ① (ascertain size of) 量…的尺寸 liáng… de chǐcun 
▸ he's gone to be measured up for a new suit 他去量尺寸做一套新衣服了 ② figurative (scrutinize, assess) 估量 gūliáng ‹person, situation›B. intransitive verb (fulfil expectations) «person, product, experience» 合格 hégé 
▸ to measure up to;
 符合…的要求 ‹task› 符合 fúhé ‹standard, expectations›



meet | BrE miːt, AmE mit | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle met ① (encounter) (by chance) 遇见 yùjiàn ;
 (by arrangement) 和…会面 hé… huìmiàn ;
 Sport 与…比赛 yǔ… bǐsài ;
 Military 与…交战 yǔ… jiāozhàn 
▸ meet me on the corner in an hour 一小时后和我在街角见面 
▸ a terrible scene met their eyes as they entered the room 他们进屋时看到了一幅可怕的景象 
▸ to meet sb halfway 和某人妥协 
▸ East meets West in this fascinating city 东西方文化在这座迷人的城市里交汇 ② (experience, encounter) 经历 jīnglì ‹difficulty, disaster›
▸ to meet one's death/fate 死去/送命 
▸ to meet one's Waterloo 遭到惨败 ③ (make the acquaintance of) 与…相识 yǔ… xiāngshí 
▸ pleased to meet you! 很高兴认识你！ 
▸ nice to meet you 认识你真高兴 [用于相见时]
▸ nice to have met you 能认识你很高兴 [用于告别时]
▸ she took him to meet her parents 她带他去见父母 
▸ Jay, meet Pete US 杰伊，这是皮特 
▸ to meet one's Maker 见上帝 ④ (greet, await) 接 jiē ‹person, means of transport›
▸ she met her guests at the door 她在门口迎接客人 
▸ I'll be there to meet you off British or at US the bus 我会到汽车站去接你 
▸ a courtesy bus meets all incoming flights 所有进港航班的乘客都有免费班车来接 ⑤ (come into contact with) 与…相碰 yǔ… xiāngpèng ‹hand, vehicle›
▸ the track meets the road by a derelict cottage 小径与公路交接之处有一间破旧的小屋 
▸ they met an oncoming car head-on 他们与一辆汽车迎头相撞 
▸ his eyes/lips met hers 他和她的目光/两唇相接 
▸ to meet sb's eye or gaze 直视某人 
▸ more than meets the eye 并不像看到的那么简单 ⑥ (fulfil) 满足 mǎnzú ‹demand, need, order›;
 满足…的需求 mǎnzú… de xūqiú ‹person›;
 达到 dádào ‹goal, wish, criterion›;
 应对 yìngduì ‹challenge›
▸ to meet the case British 符合要求 ⑦ (pay) 支付 zhīfù ‹cost, bill›⑧ Business (match) 和…意见一致 hé… yìjiàn yīzhì ‹person, company›;
 和…一致 hé… yīzhì ‹offer›
▸ the product is fine, but can we meet him on price? 产品很不错，但是我们能接受他开出的价格吗？ B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle met ① (come together) (from opposite directions) «people, vehicles» 相遇 xiāngyù ;
 (by arrangement) 见面 jiànmiàn ;
 Sport «teams, opponents» 比赛 bǐsài ;
 Military «armies, enemies» 交战 jiāozhàn ② (assemble) «committee, parliament» 开会 kāihuì ;
 «individuals, group» 集合 jíhé ③ (make acquaintance) 相识 xiāngshí 
▸ I've a feeling we have met somewhere before 我觉得我们以前在什么地方见过 ④ (come into contact) «lines, roads» 相汇 xiānghuì ;
 «vehicles» 相撞 xiāngzhuàng ;
 «eyes» 相遇 xiāngyù ;
 «belt» 扣上 kòu shang 
▸ their hands/lips met 他们拉了手/接了吻 
▸ this skirt/these trousers won't meet (round the middle)! 这条裙子/裤子系不上（腰）！ 
▸ to meet head on 迎头相撞 
▸ to make (both) ends meet (live within one's means) 量入为出 (make just enough money to live on) 勉强维持生计 C. noun ① Sport 运动会 yùndònghuì 
▸ a track/track-and-field meet 田赛/田径运动会 
▸ a swim or swimming meet 游泳比赛 ② British (hunt) [打猎前猎人和猎犬的] 集合 jíhé PHRASAL VERBS meet up intransitive verb ① (get together) 见面 jiànmiàn 
▸ to meet up with sb;
 与某人见面 ② (join, intersect) «roads» 交汇 jiāohuì 
▸ to meet up with sth;
 与…交汇 ‹road›meet with: transitive verb ① [meet with sb] (have meeting with) 和…会晤 hé… huìwù ‹person, delegation›② [meet with sth] (encounter) 遭遇 zāoyù ‹opposition, criticism, obstacle, difficulty›;
 受到 shòudào ‹praise›
▸ she met with much suspicion at first 起初她受到了很大怀疑 
▸ his ideas/comments met with no response 他的想法/评论没有得到回应 
▸ his speech was met with cries of outrage 他的讲话招来了愤怒的喊声 
▸ to meet with success/failure 获得成功/遭到失败 



melt | BrE mɛlt, AmE mɛlt | A. intransitive verb ① (thaw) 融化 rónghuà ② (soften, become liquefied) «food» 变软 biàn ruǎn 
▸ I'm melting! figurative 我要热死了！ 
▸ butter wouldn't melt in sb's mouth figurative 某人装出天真无邪的样子 ③ figurative (become tender) «person» 变得温柔 biàn de wēnróu ;
 «heart» 变软 biàn ruǎn ④ figurative (blend, merge) 融合 rónghé 
▸ to melt into the crowd/darkness 融入人群/黑暗之中 
▸ to melt into sb's arms 投入某人的怀抱中 
▸ red melts into orange 红色渐渐变成橙色 B. transitive verb ① (cause to thaw) 使融化 shǐ rónghuà ② (soften, liquefy) 使变软 shǐ biàn ruǎn ③ figurative (make more amenable, loving) 软化 ruǎnhuà 
▸ to melt sb's heart 使某人的心变软 C. noun ① (thaw) 融化 rónghuà ② (sandwich) 奶酪三明治 nǎilào sānmíngzhì ;
 (hamburger) 奶酪汉堡包 nǎilào hànbǎobāo PHRASAL VERBS melt away intransitive verb ① literal «snow, ice» 逐渐融化 zhújiàn rónghuà ;
 «fog, mist» 逐渐消散 zhújiàn xiāosàn ② figurative «anger, confidence» 逐渐消失 zhújiàn xiāoshī ;
 «crowd» 逐渐散去 zhújiàn sànqù melt down transitive verb [melt down sth, melt sth down] 将…熔化 jiāng… rónghuà 



merge | BrE məːdʒ, AmE mərdʒ | A. intransitive verb ① (join) «company, school» 合并 hébìng ;
 «road, river» 汇合 huìhé 
▸ to merge with/into … 与…合并/合并成 ‹company, department, state›
▸ to merge together;
 合并 hébìng ② (blend) «colour, shape, sound» 融合 rónghé 
▸ to merge into each or one another 相互融合 B. transitive verb ① (join) 使…合并 shǐ… hébìng ‹routes, companies, institutions›
▸ to merge sth and or with sth;
 将某物与某物合并 
▸ to merge sth into sth;
 将某物合并到某物中 ② (blend) 使…融合 shǐ… rónghé ‹colours, sounds, designs›



mew | BrE mjuː, AmE mju | A. intransitive verb 喵喵叫 miāomiāo jiào B. noun 喵 miāo [猫叫声或类似猫叫的声音] 



migrate | BrE mʌɪˈɡreɪt,ˈmʌɪɡreɪt, AmE ˈmaɪˌɡreɪt | A. intransitive verb ① (of people) 移居 yíjū 
▸ to migrate to a country/city;
 移居到一个国家/城市 ② Zoology «bird, animal» 迁徙 qiānxǐ ;
 «fish» 洄游 huíyóu ③ Computing 转移 zhuǎnyí B. transitive verb 将…转移到另一计算机系统 jiāng… zhuǎnyí dào lìng yī jìsuànjī xìtǒng ‹programs, hardware›



milk | BrE mɪlk, AmE mɪlk | A. noun ① uncountable (general) 奶 nǎi 
▸ a glass of milk 一杯牛奶 
▸ to produce milk 泌乳 
▸ to be in milk «animal» 在授乳期 
▸ a land flowing with milk and honey 富饶之地 
▸ the milk of human kindness 人的善良天性 
▸ to be like milk and water 平淡无味 
▸ it's no use or good crying over spilt milk proverb 覆水难收，后悔也无济于事 ② uncountable Botany 白色汁液 báisè zhīyè 
▸ the milk of a coconut 椰汁 ③ uncountable and countable (cosmetic) 乳剂 rǔjì B. transitive verb ① Farming 挤…的奶 jǐ… de nǎi ‹cow›② (extract) 抽取 chōuqǔ ‹sap, venom›③ figurative (draw on) 消耗 xiāohào ‹resources›
▸ to milk the fund 动用资金 ④ figurative (exploit) 榨取 zhàqǔ ‹money›;
 套取 tàoqǔ ‹ideas›
▸ to milk sth/sb of sth, to milk sth from or out of sth/sb;
 从某事物/某人处榨取某物 
▸ to milk sth/sb dry 榨干某物/某人 
▸ to milk the situation 趁机牟利自肥 
▸ to milk sb's strength/enthusiasm 利用某人的体力/热情 
▸ to milk the audience for applause 卖力地想博得观众的掌声 



mind | BrE mʌɪnd, AmE maɪnd | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (centre of thought and feelings) 头脑 tóunǎo 
▸ the mind/body duality 精神－肉体的二元性 
▸ the conscious/unconscious/subconscious mind 意识/无意识/潜意识 
▸ peace of mind 内心的宁静 
▸ in sb's mind;
 (thoughts) 在某人心里 (imagination) 在某人的想象中 
▸ to cross sb's mind 浮现在某人的脑海中 
▸ sb's mind is in turmoil 某人心乱如麻 
▸ it's all in the mind 那纯属想象 
▸ strange thoughts went through my mind 我的心里产生了奇怪的想法 
▸ to see sth in one's mind's eye 想象出某物 
▸ to build up an image in one's mind of sb/sth 心中形成对某人/某物的印象 
▸ to come to mind or come into one's mind 浮上心头 
▸ if anything comes to mind, let me know 如果你想起了什么，就告诉我 
▸ I can't get it/her out of my mind 我心里老想着这件事/她 
▸ to have sth at the back of one's mind 隐约意识到某事 
▸ to have sth on one's mind;
 有某事压在心头 
▸ to have a lot on one's mind 有很多牵挂 
▸ what's on your mind? 你有什么心事？ 
▸ that's a load or weight off my mind 我如释重负 
▸ to read sb's mind 看出某人的心思 
▸ to set sb's mind at rest 让某人放心 
▸ to be or feel easy in one's mind (about sth) （对某事）很安心 
▸ to prey or weigh on sb's mind 压在某人心头 
▸ with sb/sth in mind 考虑到某人/某事物 
▸ designed with women in mind 专为女性设计的 ② uncountable and countable (brain) 智力 zhìlì 
▸ to have the mind of a two-year-old child 智力相当于两岁的孩子 
▸ to have a very good or keen mind 非常聪明 ③ uncountable and countable (way of thinking) 思维 sīwéi 
▸ the human/criminal mind 人类/罪犯的思维 
▸ sb's frame or state of mind 某人的心境 
▸ to be in a calm/confused state of mind 心里很平静/很乱 
▸ you've got a dirty or filthy mind informal 你真下流 
▸ travel broadens the mind 旅行可以开阔心胸 ④ countable (opinion) 意见 yìjiàn 
▸ to be of one/a different mind 持一致/不同意见 
▸ to be in British or of US two minds 犹豫不决 
▸ to my mind 在我看来 
▸ to speak one's mind 说心里话 
▸ to know one's own mind 有主见 
▸ to have a mind of one's own 有主见 
▸ to be clear in one's mind about sth 心中明白某事 
▸ to make up one's mind 打定主意 
▸ to change one's mind (about sth/sb) 改变（对某物/某人的）看法 
▸ to have or keep an open mind about sth;
 对某事没有成见 
▸ to close one's mind to sth, to have a closed mind about sth 对某事物不予考虑/对某事物未作考虑 ⑤ countable (attention) 注意力 zhùyìlì 
▸ to turn one's mind to sth 把注意力转向某物 
▸ to take sb's mind off sth;
 使某人的注意力从某物上移开 
▸ the holiday will force you to take your mind off work 休假可以迫使你暂时忘掉工作 
▸ to put or set one's mind to sth;
 专心于某事物 
▸ to keep one's mind on sth;
 专心于某事物 
▸ to let one's mind wander 出神 
▸ my mind was elsewhere 我走神了 
▸ her mind isn't on her work 她的心思不在工作上 ⑥ uncountable and countable (memory) 记忆 jìyì 
▸ to put sth/sb out of one's mind;
 把某事物/某人置之脑后 
▸ it went right or clean or completely out of my mind 我把那件事全忘了 
▸ his name slipped my mind 我想不起他的名字了 
▸ to bring or call sth/sb to mind;
 回忆起某事物/某人 
▸ to bear sth/sb in mind;
 记住某事物/某人 
▸ my mind's a blank 我的记忆一片空白 ⑦ uncountable and countable 
▸ (sanity) to be in one's right mind 头脑正常 tóunǎo zhèngcháng 
▸ to be of sound/unsound mind Law 心智健全/不健全 xīnzhì jiànquán/bù jiànquán 
▸ to go out of or lose one's mind 发疯 fāfēng 
▸ to drive sb out of his/her mind 使某人发疯 shǐ mǒu rén fāfēng 
▸ her mind is going informal 她要疯了 tā yào fēng le 
▸ to be bored out of one's mind informal 厌烦透顶 yànfán tòudǐng ⑧ countable singular (intention) 意愿 yìyuàn 
▸ to have sth/sb in mind 考虑某事物/某人 
▸ to have (it) in mind to do sth 打算做某事 
▸ to have (half) a mind or a good mind to do sth informal 可能会做某事 
▸ to have no mind to do sth informal 不想做某事 
▸ to set one's mind on sth/doing sth 一心想得到某物/做某事 ⑨ countable (person) 有才智的人 yǒu cáizhì de rén 
▸ the great minds of the 18th century 18世纪的杰出人物 
▸ great minds think alike proverb 英雄所见略同 B. transitive verb ① (pay attention to) 留意 liúyì ‹person›
▸ to mind one's language/manners 注意言辞/礼貌 
▸ to mind one's Ps and Qs 注意做到举止得体 
▸ don't mind him 别理他 
▸ to mind one's own business 少管闲事 ② (care) 在意 zàiyì 
▸ never mind sth/sb;
 (don't worry about sth/sb) 不用在意某事物/某人 (let alone) 更不用说某事物/某人 
▸ never mind who/what/why etc. 谁/什么/何种原因等都无所谓 
▸ never mind doing that informal 先别那么做 
▸ he doesn't mind what you think of him 他并不在意你怎么看他 ③ (bear in mind) 记住 jìzhù 
▸ it's a secret, mind you don't tell a soul 这是秘密，记住不要告诉任何人 ④ (be careful of) 当心 dāngxīn ‹hazard›
▸ mind your head/the step/the gap 小心碰头/台阶/缝隙 
▸ mind your backs! British 请让一下！ 
▸ mind how you go British 路上小心 
▸ mind you get home early 注意早点回家 
▸ mind yourself, there's a car coming 闪开，有车过来了 ⑤ (object to) 介意 jièyì ‹person, thing›
▸ do you mind coffee? 你介意喝咖啡吗？ 
▸ I wouldn't mind a drink/a short break informal 我很想喝点什么/休息一会儿 
▸ if you don't mind my or me saying so … 如果你不介意我这样说的话… 
▸ I don't mind if I do 好的 ⑥ (look after) 照看 zhàokàn ‹child, animal›;
 看管 kānguǎn ‹valuables›C. intransitive verb ① (object) 介意 jièyì 
▸ I don't mind 我无所谓 
▸ do you mind! ironic 你别这样好不好！ 
▸ if you don't mind, I'd rather not … 不好意思，我不想… ② (worry) 担心 dānxīn 
▸ never mind;
 (it's unimportant) 不要紧 (forget it) 算了 
▸ never mind about that …;
 不用担心… 
▸ never you mind informal 不关你的事 ③ 
▸ mind you (conceding) 说真的 shuō zhēn de (explaining) 请注意 qǐng zhùyì 
▸ the firm's gone bust, mind you, I'm not surprised 公司已经破产，说真的，我并不感到惊讶 
▸ he claims, mind you, that he is the owner 请注意，他声称自己是所有人 PHRASAL VERB mind out intransitive verb 
▸ British informal mind out! 小心！ Xiǎoxīn ！ 
▸ mind out, you're in my way 请让一让，你挡住我的路了 
▸ to mind out for sth/sb;
 当心某事物/某人 dāngxīn mǒu shìwù/mǒu rén 



mislead | BrE mɪsˈliːd, AmE mɪsˈlid | transitive verb past tense, past participle misled 误导 wùdǎo 
▸ to mislead sb about or as to sth;
 在某事上误导某人 
▸ to mislead sb into doing sth;
 误导某人做某事 



miss1 | BrE mɪs, AmE mɪs | A. transitive verb ① (fail to hit) 未击中 wèi jīzhòng ‹target›;
 (fail to receive) 未接住 wèi jiēzhù ‹cross, ball›
▸ to miss a penalty 罚失点球 
▸ the ball missed the goal 球没有进网 
▸ you missed me by miles 你扔得离我太远了 
▸ he missed the rope and fell 他没抓住绳子，结果摔了下去 ② (avoid, escape) 避开 bìkāi ‹object, bad conditions›
▸ to just miss the other car/having an accident 差点儿撞上另一辆车/出事故 
▸ to miss death by inches 险些丧命 ③ (fail to catch, take, attend) 错过 cuòguò ‹bus, train, person, offer, meeting›
▸ is Lee here? — you just missed him 李在这里吗？──他刚走 
▸ to miss one's cue 未听到出场提示 
▸ to miss an appointment 未能履约 
▸ to miss the second act 未看到第二幕演出 
▸ to miss the boat or bus figurative informal 错失良机 
▸ the chance is too good to miss 机会太好了，不可错过 
▸ you don't know what you're missing! informal 你不知道你错过了什么！ 
▸ to miss one's vocation (often ironic) 入错行 
▸ to miss one's footing 失足踏空 
▸ it's an experience I wouldn't have missed for anything 那种经历我是说什么都不会错过的 ④ (fail to see) 未看见 wèi kànjian ‹landmark›;
 (fail to hear) 未听见 wèi tīngjian ;
 (fail to understand) 未听懂 wèi tīngdǒng 
▸ you can't miss it 你不会看不见的 
▸ he doesn't miss a trick informal 他十分机敏 
▸ sorry I missed that, can you repeat it? 对不起，我没听见，你能再说一遍吗？ 
▸ to miss the joke 没听懂笑话 ⑤ (fail to do) 未做到 wèi zuòdào 
▸ to miss doing sth;
 未能做某事 
▸ to miss getting an A by 2 marks 差两分没得到A ⑥ (skip) 未出席 wèi chūxí ‹class, lecture›;
 遗漏 yílòu ‹line, detail›
▸ to miss the middle paragraph 跳过中间的那个段落 
▸ I missed lunch 我没吃午饭 
▸ he never misses my birthday 他从来都记得我的生日 
▸ she missed her pill 她忘了服用避孕药 ⑦ (notice absence of) 发觉遗失 fājué yíshī ‹object, money›;
 发觉…不在身边 fājué… bùzài shēnbiān ‹person›
▸ I didn't miss my purse till I got back to the hotel 我回到宾馆才发现钱包丢了 ⑧ (regret absence of) 想念 xiǎngniàn ‹place, activity›
▸ to miss sb/sth (very badly or much) （非常）想念某人/某物 
▸ keep it, I shan't miss it 你留着吧，我不需要它了 
▸ to miss doing sth;
 惦念做某事 
▸ I don't miss staying up late! 我才不想熬夜呢！ B. intransitive verb ① (fail to hit target) «player, blow, bullet» 没打中 méi dǎzhòng 
▸ he had an open goal, but he missed 他面对空门却没射进 
▸ you can't miss literal 你不会打不中的 figurative 你肯定能成功 nǐ kěndìng néng chénggōng ② (fail to do sth) 不做 bù zuò 
▸ I always hear from her at New Year;
 she never misses 我每个新年都会收到她的来信，她一次不落 ③ Motor Vehicles «engine, vehicle» 不点火 bù diǎnhuǒ C. noun ① Sport 击不中 jībuzhòng 
▸ he scored ten hits and two misses 他十次击中，两次未中 
▸ a miss is as good as a mile proverb (negative) 错误再小也是错 (positive) 死里逃生总是生 ② 
▸ British informal to give sth a miss (not visit, try, use, etc.) 避开某事 bìkāi mǒu shì 
▸ to give Rome a miss 不去罗马 bù qù Luómǎ 
▸ I'll give the soup a miss 我不喝汤了 wǒ bù hē tāng le ③ (musical flop) 销量很差的唱片 xiāoliàng hěn chà de chàngpiàn ;
 (cinematic flop) 票房很差的电影 piàofáng hěn chà de diànyǐng PHRASAL VERB miss out A. transitive verb [miss sth/sb out, miss out sth/sb] British ① (accidentally omit) 遗漏 yílòu ‹detail, person›
▸ to miss out the comma 漏掉逗号 
▸ to miss sth/sb out from sth;
 把某物/某人从某物中漏掉 ② (deliberately omit) 略去 lüèqù ‹section, point›;
 不考虑 bù kǎolǜ ‹person›
▸ to miss out the middle verse 跳过中间的那行诗 B. intransitive verb informal 错过机会 cuòguò jīhuì 
▸ if you don't go, you'll miss out 如果你不去，就会错过机会 
▸ to miss out on sth;
 错失 ‹meal, experience›
▸ to miss out on a deal (not join) 错失一笔交易 (not benefit from) 未获收益 



mistake | BrE mɪˈsteɪk, AmE məˈsteɪk | A. noun (misjudgement, error in action or calculation or of fact) 错误 cuòwù ;
 (misunderstanding) 误解 wùjiě 
▸ it is a mistake to do sth;
 做某事是个错误 
▸ by mistake 错误地 
▸ I left the door open by mistake 我不小心忘了关门 
▸ to make a mistake/the same mistake again 犯错误/又犯同样的错误 
▸ we all make mistakes 谁都会犯错误的 
▸ to make a mistake about sth/sb 弄错某事/看错某人 
▸ to make a mistake about the weather 报错天气 
▸ to make a mistake in doing sth 做某事犯下错误 
▸ to make a mistake in adding up the total 把总数加错 
▸ to make the mistake of doing sth 错误地做某事 
▸ to make a mistake over sth 把某事物弄错 
▸ to learn by or from one's mistakes 从所犯错误中汲取教训 
▸ the fourth child was a mistake 第4个孩子是意外怀孕所生 
▸ that cake was a mistake;
 I feel ill 那个蛋糕真不该吃，我觉得很难受 
▸ the figure/date/answer was a mistake 数字/日期/答案不正确 
▸ my mistake 我的错 
▸ make no mistake (about it) informal （这点）别搞错 
▸ …, and no mistake! …毫无疑问！ B. transitive verb past tense mistook past participle mistaken ① (confuse) 误认 wù rèn ‹person, identity›;
 弄错 nòng cuò ‹name, address, fact›
▸ you can't mistake it 你不会弄错的 
▸ I mistook her for Susan 我误以为她是苏珊 
▸ it's impossible to mistake her style 她的风格不可能和他人混淆 
▸ there's no mistaking sth/sb 某物/某人不会被认错 
▸ that dog's got rabies, there's no mistaking it 那条狗明显患有狂犬病 
▸ there's no mistaking who/what/why/that … 谁/什么/为什么/…不会被弄错 ② (misinterpret) 误解 wùjiě ‹person, meaning, mood›
▸ to mistake A for B;
 把A误解为B 
▸ to mistake sb's silence for consent 把某人的沉默错当成赞同 



misuse A. transitive verb | BrE mɪsˈjuːz, AmE mɪsˈjuz | ① 错用 cuò yòng ‹equipment, talents›;
 误用 wù yòng ‹word, expression›;
 滥用 lànyòng ‹power, resources, funds›
▸ to misuse sth as sth;
 将某物错用作某物 ② (exploit) 虐待 nüèdài ‹person, child›B. noun countable and uncountable | BrE mɪsˈjuːs, AmE ˌmɪsˈjus | (of equipment, talents) 错用 cuò yòng ;
 (of word, expression) 误用 wù yòng ;
 (of funds, power, resources) 滥用 lànyòng 
▸ the misuse of sth as sth;
 将某物错当作某物用 



mix | BrE mɪks, AmE mɪks | A. transitive verb ① (combine) 使…混合 shǐ… hùnhé ‹object(s), style(s)›
▸ to mix A and B together, to mix A with or and B;
 把A和B混合在一起 
▸ to mix business and or with pleasure 把社交活动和做生意结合起来 
▸ to mix marriage and a career 把婚姻和事业结合成一体 
▸ to mix sth into sth;
 把某物掺入某物 
▸ to mix one's drinks 喝混酒 
▸ to mix and match 混合搭配 ‹garments, colours›② (make up) 调制 tiáozhì ‹cocktail›;
 配制 pèizhì ‹medicine›;
 拌 bàn ‹concrete›
▸ to mix sb sth, to mix sth for sb;
 为某人调制 ‹drink›
▸ to mix it (with sb) informal (cause trouble) 找（某人的）茬 (fight) （和某人）打架 ③ Music, Cinema, Television (combine) 混合 hùnhé ‹sounds, lighting effects›④ Music (put together) 混录 hùn lù ‹album›B. intransitive verb ① (be combined) «ingredient(s), style(s)» 相混合 xiāng hùnhé 
▸ to mix with sth;
 与某物相混合 
▸ to mix together;
 混合在一起 
▸ oil and water don't mix 油和水不相溶 figurative 水火不相容 shuǐhuǒ bù xiāng róng ② (socialize) 交往 jiāowǎng 
▸ to mix with sb;
 和某人交往 C. noun ① countable (mixture) (of things) 混合物 hùnhéwù ;
 (of people) 混杂的一群人 hùnzá de yī qún rén 
▸ a cotton and polyester mix 棉涤 
▸ the correct mix of full-time to part-time staff 专职和兼职员工的恰当比例 ② uncountable and countable Cooking 混合料 hùnhéliào 
▸ cake mix 蛋糕粉 
▸ egg mix 鸡蛋糊 ③ uncountable and countable Building 配料 pèiliào ④ countable Music 混录 hùn lù 
▸ in the mix;
 在混录中 PHRASAL VERBS mix around transitive verb [mix sth around, mix around sth] 使…混杂 shǐ… hùnzá ‹names, objects›mix in transitive verb [mix sth in, mix in sth] 掺入 chānrù ‹ingredient, substance›mix up transitive verb [mix sth/sb up, mix up sth/sb] ① (get confused over) 把…弄混 bǎ… nòng hún ‹people, names, dates›
▸ to mix up A and or with B;
 把A和B弄混 
▸ to get sth/sb mixed up with sth/sb;
 把…和…弄混 ② (make confused) 把…弄糊涂 bǎ… nòng hútu ‹person›
▸ to be/get mixed up 被弄糊涂 
▸ to be/get mixed up over or about sth;
 弄不清某事 ③ (jumble up) 弄乱 nòngluàn ‹objects›④ usually passive 
▸ (involve) to be/get mixed up in sth;
 与…有牵连 yǔ… yǒu qiānlián ‹crime, drugs›
▸ to be/get mixed up with sb;
 与某人混在一起 yǔ mǒu rén hùn zài yīqǐ 



moan | BrE məʊn, AmE moʊn | A. intransitive verb ① (cry, groan) 呻吟 shēnyín 
▸ to moan in agony/with pleasure 痛苦地/快乐地呻吟 ② derogatory (complain) 抱怨 bàoyuàn 
▸ to moan about sth/sb;
 抱怨某事物/某人 
▸ the children moaned and groaned the entire journey 整个旅途中孩子们都在抱怨 ③ (make moaning sound) «wind» 呼啸 hūxiào 
▸ the door moaned on its hinges 门在铰链上吱吱嘎嘎地响 B. transitive verb ① (wail) 呻吟 shēnyín 
▸ ‘help me,’he moaned “救命啊，”他呻吟道 ② (complain) 抱怨 bàoyuàn ‹dislike, dissatisfaction›
▸ to moan that …;
 抱怨道… C. noun ① (wail, groan) 呻吟 shēnyín ② (often derogatory) (complaint) 抱怨 bàoyuàn 
▸ to have a moan about sth/sb;
 抱怨某事物/某人 ③ (moaning sound) 呜咽 wūyè 
▸ the moan of the wind through the trees 风掠过树丛的萧萧声 



modify | BrE ˈmɒdɪfʌɪ, AmE ˈmɑdəˌfaɪ | transitive verb ① (alter, change) 修改 xiūgǎi ‹plan, timetable, computer program›;
 改变 gǎibiàn ‹belief, procedure, religion, tradition, form›;
 改装 gǎizhuāng ‹engine, weapon›② (moderate) 缓和…的措词 huǎnhé… de cuòcí ‹statement, policy›;
 降低 jiàngdī ‹demands›;
 减轻 jiǎnqīng ‹penalty›
▸ the wording was modified to ‘notes with concern’ 措词改成了语气较缓和的“关切地注意到” ③ Linguistics 修饰 xiūshì 



moo | BrE muː, AmE mu | A. intransitive verb 哞哞叫 mōumōu jiào B. noun ① (sound) 哞 mōu ② British informal derogatory (woman) 蠢女人 chǔn nǚrén 



motivate | BrE ˈməʊtɪveɪt, AmE ˈmoʊdəˌveɪt | transitive verb ① (prompt) 促动 cùdòng 
▸ to be motivated by sth;
 由某事物促动 
▸ they were motivated by greed 他们是出于贪婪 ② (inspire) 调动…的积极性 diàodòng… de jījíxìng 
▸ a teacher who can motivate her pupils 能调动学生积极性的老师 



mould1 | BrE məʊld, AmE moʊld | British A. noun ① (shape) (for metal, china, plastic) 模具 mújù ;
 Cooking (for pudding, jelly) 模子 múzi ② figurative (type, style) 类型 lèixíng 
▸ to fit (into) the mould of sth;
 符合某事物的类型 
▸ to be cast in a similar/the same/a different mould 具有类似/相同/不同的性格 
▸ to break the mould 打破陈规 B. transitive verb ① (shape) 用模具塑造 yòng mújù sùzào ‹clay, liquid metal, plastic›;
 用模具制作出 yòng mújù zhìzuò chū ‹sculpture, model, piece of wax›
▸ to mould sth into sth;
 用模具把某物做成某形状 
▸ seats moulded to the shape of the average figure 用模具按中等身材制成的座椅 
▸ a head moulded out of or in or from clay 通过模具用泥巴制成的头像 ② figurative (influence) 影响…的形成 yǐngxiǎng… de xíngchéng 
▸ to mould a child into a mature adult 把孩子塑造成思想成熟的成年人 
▸ to mould public opinion 左右舆论 C. intransitive verb 紧贴 jǐn tiē 
▸ the wet clothes moulded to her body 湿衣服贴在她身上 



moult | BrE məʊlt, AmE moʊlt | British A. intransitive verb «mammal» 换毛 huànmáo ;
 «bird» 换羽 huànyǔ ;
 «reptile» 蜕皮 tuìpí B. transitive verb 换 huàn ‹hair, feathers›;
 蜕 tuì ‹skin›C. noun ① uncountable (moulting) (of mammals) 脱毛 tuōmáo ;
 (of birds) 换羽 huànyǔ ;
 (of reptiles) 蜕皮 tuìpí ② countable (time of moulting) (of mammals) 脱毛期 tuōmáoqī ;
 (of birds) 换羽期 huànyǔqī ;
 (of reptiles) 蜕皮期 tuìpíqī 



move | BrE muːv, AmE muv | A. intransitive verb ① (shift position) «vehicle, equipment, person, animal, body part» 移动 yídòng ;
 «wheel, machine» 转动 zhuàndòng ;
 «current, fluid, gas» 流动 liúdòng ;
 «tree, branch» 摇动 yáodòng 
▸ to move up and down «lever, handle» 上下移动 
▸ to move on wheels/rails 靠轮子/滑轨移动 
▸ his fingers moved over the keys 他的手指在键盘上移动 
▸ don't move! 不许动！ 
▸ you'll have to move, I need this chair 你得起来，我要用这把椅子 ② (go forward) «person, animal, traffic, troops» 行进 xíngjìn 
▸ to keep sb/sth moving 使某人/某物继续前进 
▸ move aside! 让开！ 
▸ it's time we were moving informal 我们该走了 
▸ that horse/car can move! informal 那匹马/那辆车速度真快！ 
▸ to move into third place 上升到第三位 
▸ to move into the lead 开始领先 ③ (carry oneself) «person, animal» 走动 zǒudòng 
▸ how gracefully she moves 她走起路来真优雅 
▸ to move in high society figurative 出入上流社会 ④ (change residence) «person, family» 搬家 bānjiā ;
 «business» 迁移 qiānyí 
▸ to move away 搬走 bānzǒu 
▸ to move to or into/out of sth;
 搬进/搬出某处 
▸ when the firm moved, I moved too 公司迁址的时候我也随迁了 ⑤ (make progress) «work» 进展 jìnzhǎn 
▸ things are starting to move on the job front 找工作的情况开始有进展 
▸ to get sth/things moving;
 使某事/情况有进展 
▸ to move ahead in the opinion polls 在民意测验中领先 ⑥ (change job) 调动工作 diàodòng gōngzuò 
▸ to move to head office 调到总部工作 
▸ to move sideways 平级调动 ⑦ (change, develop) «person, society, views» 转变 zhuǎnbiàn 
▸ to move to the right/left «opinion» 变得右倾/左倾 
▸ to move into the final stage «project» 进入最后阶段 
▸ to move into a new era 进入新时代 
▸ to move over to 转而采用 ‹new method, system›
▸ events moved rapidly 事情变化很快 
▸ she won't move once she's made up her mind 她一旦拿定主意就不会改变 
▸ to move away from one's original position 偏离最初的立场 
▸ to move with the times 与时俱进 
▸ to move apart figurative «friends» 分手 ⑧ (act) «person, organization, government» 采取行动 cǎiqǔ xíngdòng 
▸ to move on sth;
 针对某事采取措施 
▸ to move on the issue 采取措施应对这一问题 
▸ to move to do sth;
 着手做某事 
▸ to move against sb/sth;
 采取对付某人/某事物的措施 ⑨ Games «player, piece» 走 zǒu 
▸ to move diagonally 走对角 
▸ have you moved? — I moved there 你走棋了吗？──我走到那里了 ⑩ 
▸ (propose) to move for sth;
 提出 tíchū ‹amendment, adjournment›⑪ (sell) «goods» 售出 shòuchū 
▸ to move fast «product» 卖得快 B. transitive verb ① (set in motion) «person, force» 移动 yídòng ‹body part, object›
▸ to move one's toes 动一下脚趾 
▸ I can't move my leg/the screw 我动不了腿/拧不动螺丝 
▸ to move one's arms/neck around 活动胳膊/脖子 
▸ to move one's head from side to side 左右摆动头部 
▸ the force that moves that wheel/the solar system 驱动那个轮子/太阳系的力量 
▸ to move one's bowels 排便 ② (change location of) 搬走 bānzǒu ‹object›
▸ who moved my books? 谁动了我的书？ 
▸ someone moved my marker 有人动了我的记号笔 
▸ he's too ill to be moved 他病得太重，不能动地方 
▸ to move sb to another hospital 把某人转到另一个医院 
▸ to move sth off the table/chair 把某物从桌子/椅子上拿下来 
▸ to move sth into the room/closer to the window 把某物搬进屋子/搬得离窗户近一些 
▸ to move sth upstairs/downstairs 把某物搬上楼/搬下楼 
▸ to move the tables together 把桌子拼起来 
▸ to move the decimal point 移动小数点 ③ (shift to one side, budge) 挪走 nuózǒu ‹object, body part›
▸ to move sth to one side 把某物挪到一边 
▸ to move sth out of the way 挪开某物 
▸ to move the curtain aside 拉开窗帘 
▸ move your legs out of the way 把你的腿挪开 
▸ to move sth further down/up the list 把某物挪到名单更靠下/更靠上的位置 ④ (transport) 运送 yùnsòng ‹goods, freight›;
 Military (send) 调集 diàojí ‹troops›
▸ to move equipment to a new site 把设备运到新工地 
▸ to move artillery across the river 把炮兵调到河对岸 ⑤ (to new job, location) 调换 diàohuàn ‹staff, job›;
 «firm» 迁移 qiānyí ‹office›
▸ to be moved to a new job 被调去做新工作 
▸ to move jobs British 调换工作 
▸ to move headquarters to New York 把总部迁到纽约 ⑥ (to new residence) 搬 bān ‹home, furniture›
▸ to move house «person, family» 搬家 bānjiā 
▸ a local firm moved us 一家本地公司为我们搬了家 ⑦ (affect) «words, appearance, plight» 打动 dǎdòng ‹person, crowd›
▸ to move sb to tears 使某人感动得流泪 
▸ to be moved by sth/sb;
 被某事物/某人打动 
▸ to be (deeply) moved by the experience 被这次经历（深深）感动 
▸ to be moved to anger 被激怒 
▸ to be moved to pity by sb's plea 被某人的恳求感动而产生恻隐之心 
▸ to be moved to laughter 被逗得大笑起来 ⑧ (motivate) 驱使 qūshǐ 
▸ to move sb to do sth;
 促使某人做某事 cùshǐ mǒu rén zuò mǒu shì 
▸ I was moved to act by her letter 她的来信促使我采取了行动 
▸ to feel moved to speak out/protest 不由得想站出来反对/抗议 
▸ when the spirit moves me humorous 我有兴致时 wǒ yǒu xìngzhì shí ⑨ Games 走 zǒu ‹piece›⑩ (propose) 提出 tíchū ‹resolution, adjournment›
▸ to move that …;
 提议… 
▸ I move that the matter be put to the vote 我提议将此事付诸表决 ⑪ (sell) 售出 shòuchū ‹product›
▸ stock that we haven't been able to move 我们卖不掉的存货 C. noun ① (movement) 动作 dòngzuò 
▸ to watch sb's every move 观察某人的一举一动 
▸ one false move and you're dead! 别乱动，不然要你的命！ 
▸ to make a move (towards sth) （向某处）走去 
▸ to make no move 不采取行动 ② (shift in location, line of business) 移动 yídòng 
▸ it's time we were making a move British 我们该走了 
▸ a company's move into electronics 公司向电子业的转移 
▸ to get a move on informal 赶快 ③ (change) (of residence) 搬家 bānjiā ;
 (of business premises) 迁移 qiānyí ;
 (of job) 调动 diàodòng 
▸ they are here to help with the move 他们来帮忙搬家 
▸ to make the move from A to B 从A迁到B 
▸ she's due for a move 她该调换工作了 ④ 
▸ (state of moving) to be on the move;
 在行进 zài xíngjìn 
▸ to be always on the move 不停奔波 bù tíng bēnbō 
▸ the circus is on the move again 马戏团又开始四处演出了 
▸ a society on the move figurative 不断发展的社会 bùduàn fāzhǎn de shèhuì ⑤ Games 一步棋 yī bù qí 
▸ a clever/silly move 一步妙棋/蠢棋 
▸ it's your move 该你走棋了 
▸ white has the first move 白棋先走 ⑥ (step, act) 行动 xíngdòng 
▸ a good/bad/clever move 好的/坏的/聪明的举措 
▸ to make a move 采取行动 cǎiqǔ xíngdòng 
▸ to make the first/the next move 抢先行动/采取下一步行动 
▸ a move to do sth;
 做某事的措施 
▸ in a move to cut off the enemy's retreat … 在切断敌人退路的行动中… D. to move oneself reflexive verb informal ① 
▸ (hurry up) move yourself! 快一点！ kuài yīdiǎn ！ 
▸ tell them to move themselves 告诉他们快点 gàosu tāmen kuài diǎn ② 
▸ (move aside) move yourself — I can't get through! 让开──我过不去了！ PHRASAL VERBS move about, move around A. intransitive verb ① (shift position) 走动 zǒudòng 
▸ to keep moving about 不停地四处走动 
▸ there's someone moving about upstairs 楼上有人在走动 
▸ to have plenty of space or room to move about in 有足够的活动空间 
▸ to move about in the socket «plug» 松动 ② (change residence) «person, family» 搬家 bānjiā 
▸ to move about a lot 经常搬家 B. [move sth about] transitive verb ① (change position of) 移动 yídòng 
▸ to move the furniture/pictures about 重新摆放家具/这些画 
▸ to move the cursor about with the mouse 用鼠标把光标移来移去 
▸ to move the aerial about 转动天线 ② (assign to different job) 调动 diàodòng ‹employee, staff›
▸ to get moved about quite a bit 经常调动工作 C. [move about sth] transitive verb ① (change position in or on) 在…周围来回走动 zài… zhōuwéi láihuí zǒudòng ‹floor, space›
▸ to move freely about the stage 随意地在舞台上四处走动 ② (change residence in) 在…内搬来搬去 zài… nèi bān lái bān qù ‹country, region›move along A. intransitive verb ① (not loiter) 不停留 bù tíngliú 
▸ the police officer told us to move along 警官告诉我们不要停留 ② (squeeze up) 挤紧 jǐjǐn 
▸ move along! 挤一挤！ 
▸ to move along a couple of places 往里挤几个位置 ③ (keep going) «person, traffic, parade» 继续前行 jìxù qiánxíng ④ figurative (progress) «work, process» 进行 jìnxíng 
▸ things are moving along nicely 事情进展顺利 B. [move sb/sth along] transitive verb ① (prevent from loitering) 使不逗留 shǐ bù dòuliú 
▸ the police moved the crowd along 警察命令人群不得逗留 
▸ to move the traffic along 让车辆往前走 ② (change position of) 移动 yídòng 
▸ to move sth along to the right 把某物往右边移 
▸ to move the pile along the shelf 把那堆东西沿着搁板推过去 C. [move along sth] transitive verb 沿着…移动 yánzhe… yídòng 
▸ to move along a track «train» 沿着轨道前进 
▸ his fingers moved along the line/keys 他的手指沿着线条/键盘滑动 move around A. intransitive verb = move about AB. transitive verb ① = move about B, C② [move around sth] (circle) 绕着…环行 ràozhe… huánxíng 
▸ to move around the sun 绕着太阳旋转 move away A. intransitive verb ① (change residence) «family, shop» 搬走 bānzǒu 
▸ to move away from … 从…搬走 ‹area, city›② (leave scene) 离开 líkāi 
▸ to move away from … 从…离开 ‹place›B. transitive verb [move sb/sth away, move away sb/sth] 移开 yíkāi move back A. intransitive verb ① (go backwards) 后退 hòutuì ;
 «troops» 撤退 chètuì 
▸ move back to let me pass 后退一步让我过去 
▸ to move back a space 后退一个空格 ② (return) «person» 回来 huílai ;
 «mechanism» 复位 fùwèi ;
 (to old residence, office) 搬回来 bān huílai 
▸ to move back to the window 回到窗前 
▸ to move back to London 把家搬回伦敦 ③ (be postponed) «date, meeting» 推迟 tuīchí B. transitive verb [move sth/sb back, move back sth/sb] ① (shift backwards) 后移 hòu yí ‹object›;
 让…后退 ràng… hòutuì ‹crowd, line›
▸ to move sth back a bit/a metre 把某物向后移一点/移动一米 
▸ move your troops back behind the ridge 让你的部队退到山脊后面 ② (return) 把…搬回来 bǎ… bān huílai ‹object›;
 把…调回 bǎ… diàohuí ‹person›
▸ to move sth back (to) where it was (before) 把某物搬回原处 
▸ to be moved back to headquarters/London 被调回总部/伦敦 ③ (postpone) 推迟 tuīchí ‹date, meeting›
▸ to be moved back to April 被推迟到4月 move down A. intransitive verb ① (in list, hierarchy) «person» 排到底下 páidào dǐxia ;
 Sport «team, player» 成绩下滑 chéngjì xiàhuá 
▸ to move down a class British «pupil» 降一年级 
▸ to move down to number 5 in the charts «CD, DVD, performer» 下降到排行榜第5位 
▸ to move down three places/to rank number 9 排名下降3位/到第9位 
▸ to move down to the second division 降为乙级 ② Finance (decrease) «stocks, index» 下跌 xiàdiē 
▸ to move down two points 下跌两点 ③ (squeeze up) «person» 挤紧 jǐjǐn 
▸ to move down a couple of places 往里挤几个位置 
▸ move down, please 请往里面走 B. transitive verb [move sb/sth down] (demote) 使…降职 shǐ… jiàngzhí ‹employee›;
 Sport 使…排名下降 shǐ… páimíng xiàjiàng ‹team, player›
▸ to move sb down (a class) British 让…降（一年）级 ‹pupil›move forward A. intransitive verb ① (advance) «person, vehicle» 前行 qiánxíng ;
 «army, troops» 前进 qiánjìn 
▸ to move forward to get a better view 走到前面以便看得更清楚 
▸ to move forward to attack 冲上前去攻击 ② (develop) «person, society, thinking, events» 进步 jìnbù ③ (be brought forward) «date, meeting» 提前 tíqián B. transitive verb [move sb/sth forward, move forward sb/sth] ① (bring or send to front) 使…前进 shǐ… qiánjìn ‹players, troops›
▸ to move forward three infantry divisions 让3个步兵师向前开进 
▸ United need to move their men forward more 曼联队需要让球员再往前压 ② (bring forward) 把…提前 bǎ… tíqián ‹date, meeting›
▸ to be moved forward to July 被提前到7月 move in A. intransitive verb ① (to house, flat, etc.) 入住 rùzhù 
▸ he helped me move in 他帮我搬入新居 
▸ to move in on sb informal 擅自搬进来和…同住 ‹friend(s), family›
▸ the whole family moved in on me for Christmas 全家人都赶来和我一起过圣诞节 
▸ to move in with sb;
 搬来和某人同住 
▸ he's moved in with me temporarily 他暂时搬来和我同住 
▸ to move in together;
 (live together) 同居 (share bedroom) 共用一室 gòng yòng yī shì ② (advance) «police, army» 冲进来 chōng jìnlai 
▸ to move in and surround 冲进来包围 ‹building›
▸ to move in and clear the site «crew, bulldozer» 进来清理场地 
▸ to move in on sb/sth;
 «army, police» 逼近 bījìn ‹crowd, site›
▸ the troops are moving in on their objective 部队正在逼近目标 ③ (intervene) «person, government, firm» 插手 chāshǒu ;
 «referee, police» 干预 gānyù 
▸ to move in and buy up shares 介入并买下全部股份 
▸ to move in on sth;
 «gang, company» 插手控制 ‹racket, market›
▸ to move in on a deal 争抢一笔生意 B. transitive verb [move sb/sth in, move in sb/sth] (into house, flat, etc.) 使…迁入新居 shǐ… qiānrù xīnjū ‹person, family›;
 把…搬进去 bǎ… bān jìnqu ‹furniture›
▸ he helped to move me in 他帮我搬入新居 move off intransitive verb «parade, vehicle, troops» 出发 chūfā move on A. intransitive verb ① (proceed) «person, vehicle» 继续前进 jìxù qiánjìn ;
 «traveller, nomadic tribe» 继续迁移 jìxù qiānyí ;
 «time» 流逝 liúshì 
▸ I'd better be moving on 我该走了 
▸ time is moving on quickly 时间过得真快 
▸ we've already discussed that item, so let's move on 那一项已经讨论过了，我们谈下一个问题吧 
▸ to move on to;
 转换到 ‹topic› 向…进发 xiàng… jìnfā ‹new place›
▸ to move on to a new job 换一个新的工作 
▸ to move on to the next topic/another question 谈下一个话题/另一个问题 
▸ let's move on to deal with the next item 我们接着处理下一项吧 ② (not loiter) = move along A1③ (develop) «place, art form, society» 取得进步 qǔdé jìnbù 
▸ ballet has moved on 芭蕾舞艺术有了发展 
▸ to deal with a trauma and move on 抚平创伤向前看 B. transitive verb [move sb/sth on] ① (prevent from loitering) = move along B1② (move forward) 加快…的进度 jiākuài… de jìndù ‹discussion, work›
▸ let's try and move things on a bit 我们想办法抓紧一点吧 move out A. intransitive verb ① (leave house, flat, etc.) 搬出 bānchū 
▸ his wife moved out 他妻子搬出去住了 
▸ move out of;
 搬出 bānchū ‹house, flat, office›② US informal (depart) 出发 chūfā 
▸ let's move out! 出发！ B. transitive verb [move sb/sth out, move out sb/sth] «authorities» 使…迁出 shǐ… qiānchū ‹tenant›;
 «person» 把…搬出去 bǎ… bān chūqu ‹furniture›
▸ to move sb/sth out of sth;
 把某人迁出/把某物搬出 ‹building, area›
▸ to move residents out of the tenements 把住户从公寓迁出 
▸ the troops are being moved out of the border area 部队正在撤出边境地区 move over A. intransitive verb ① (move aside) 挪开 nuókāi ;
 figurative 让位 ràngwèi 
▸ to move over a bit 挪过去一点 
▸ to move over and let someone else take the responsibility 让位给别人来当负责人 
▸ to move over and make way for a new generation 给新一代让路 ② 
▸ to move over to sth (change to) 转变到 zhuǎnbiàn dào ‹alternative›
▸ to move over to digital/gas 改用数字设备/煤气 gǎi yòng shùzì shèbèi/méiqì 
▸ to move over to another supplier «company» 换一家供应商 huàn yī jiā gōngyìngshāng B. transitive verb [move sth/sb over] 挪动 nuódòng ‹object, person›
▸ to move sth over to the left 把某物向左挪 move up A. intransitive verb ① (shift forward) 向前挪动 xiàng qián nuódòng 
▸ move up and make room for me 挪动一下给我腾出地方 
▸ to move up a bit nearer to the front 往前面挪一点 
▸ to move up a few places 向前挪几个位置 ② (in list, hierarchy) «person» 升级 shēngjí ;
 Sport «team, player» 成绩提高 chéngjì tígāo ;
 British «pupil» 升高一年级 shēnggāo yī niánjí 
▸ to move up to second in the charts «CD, DVD, performer» 上升到排行榜第2位 
▸ to be moved up to a managerial post/the position of director 被提升到管理岗位/经理职位 
▸ he moved up three places/into second place 他的排名上升了3位/上升到第2位 
▸ to move up into the first division 升到甲级 
▸ to move up in the world informal 飞黄腾达 ③ Finance (increase) «stocks, index» 上升 shàngshēng 
▸ to move up two points 升高两点 B. transitive verb [move sb up] (promote) 使…晋升 shǐ… jìnshēng ‹employee›;
 Sport 使…排名提高 shǐ… páimíng tígāo ‹team, player›
▸ to move sb up (a class) British 让…升（高一年）级 ‹pupil›



mow | BrE məʊ, AmE moʊ | A. transitive verb past participle mowed or mown 割 gē ‹grass, hay›;
 修剪 xiūjiǎn ‹lawn›B. intransitive verb 割草 gē cǎo C. noun 割草 gē cǎo 
▸ to give the lawn a mow 修剪草坪 PHRASAL VERB mow down transitive verb informal [mow down sb, mow sb down] ① (kill) 射杀 shèshā ② (knock down) 撞倒 zhuàngdǎo 



multiply1 | BrE ˈmʌltɪplʌɪ, AmE ˈməltəˌplaɪ | A. transitive verb ① (Math) 乘 chéng 
▸ to multiply A by B;
 A乘以B 
▸ to multiply A and B (together);
 将A与B相乘 ② (increase) 使成倍增加 shǐ chéngbèi zēngjiā B. intransitive verb ① Mathematics 做乘法 zuò chéngfǎ ② (increase) 成倍增长 chéngbèi zēngzhǎng ③ Biology 繁殖 fánzhí 



murmur | BrE ˈməːmə, AmE ˈmərmər | A. noun ① (low continuous sound) 连续低沉的声音 liánxù dīchén de shēngyīn 
▸ a low murmur of voices 低声细语 
▸ the murmur of the wind/stream 飒飒风声/潺潺溪声 ② (utterance) 咕哝 gūnong 
▸ (to speak) in a murmur;
 小声地（说） 
▸ a quiet murmur of thanks 小声道谢 ③ Medicine 杂音 záyīn ④ (expressing reaction) 轻声表示 qīngshēng biǎoshì 
▸ a murmur of discontent/agreement 不满/同意的表示 
▸ to obey without a murmur 毫无怨言地服从 B. transitive verb 低声说 dīshēng shuō 
▸ to murmur (to sb) that … （对某人）低语道… C. intransitive verb ① (mutter) 咕哝 gūnong 
▸ he murmured in his sleep 他轻声说着梦话 ② (make gentle sound) 发出细微声响 fāchū xìwēi shēngxiǎng 
▸ the wind murmured in the trees 风在林中沙沙作响 
▸ a stream murmured in the distance 小溪在远处潺潺流淌 
