


sabotage | BrE ˈsabətɑːʒ, AmE ˈsæbəˌtɑʒ | A. noun uncountable 蓄意破坏 xùyì pòhuài 
▸ to commit sabotage 蓄意破坏 xùyì pòhuài 
▸ an act of sabotage 人为破坏 B. transitive verb 蓄意破坏 xùyì pòhuài 
▸ the terrorists must not sabotage the peace efforts 不能让恐怖分子破坏和平努力 



sack | BrE sak, AmE sæk | A. noun ① countable (bag) [结实耐用的] 大口袋 dà kǒudài 
▸ a coal/mail sack 煤袋/邮袋 ② countable (contents) 一大袋 yī dà dài 
▸ a sack of flour/coal/mail 一大袋面粉/煤/邮件 
▸ a sack of potatoes derogatory 粗陋难看 ③ uncountable 
▸ informal (dismissal) the sack 开除 kāichú 
▸ to get the sack;
 被炒鱿鱼 bèi chǎoyóuyú 
▸ to give sb the sack;
 开除某人 kāichú mǒu rén 
▸ to be threatened with the sack 受到解雇的威胁 shòudào jiěgù de wēixié ④ uncountable 
▸ informal (bed) the sack 床 chuáng 
▸ to hit the sack 上床睡觉 shàng chuáng shuìjiào 
▸ to be great in the sack 床上功夫了得 chuáng shang gōngfu liǎodé ⑤ uncountable literary (pillage) 劫掠 jiélüè B. transitive verb ① informal (dismiss) 解雇 jiěgù ‹worker, employee›
▸ to sack sb for sth/doing sth;
 因某事/做某事而解雇某人 
▸ to be/get sacked;
 被炒鱿鱼 bèi chǎoyóuyú 
▸ to be sacked from one's job 被解雇 ② literary (pillage) 洗劫 xǐjié PHRASAL VERB sack out intransitive verb US informal 上床睡觉 shàng chuáng shuìjiào 



sacrifice | BrE ˈsakrɪfʌɪs, AmE ˈsækrəˌfaɪs | A. noun ① countable and uncountable (act) 献祭 xiànjì 
▸ to make a sacrifice for sb/sth;
 为某人/某物献祭 
▸ the sacrifice of sth/sb (to sb);
 供奉（给某人）的某物/某人 
▸ getting rich isn't worth the sacrifice of your principles 为致富牺牲原则是不值得的 ② countable Religion (offering) 祭品 jìpǐn 
▸ a human sacrifice 用作祭品的人 B. transitive verb ① Religion 以…为祭品 yǐ… wéi jìpǐn ‹animal, person›
▸ to sacrifice sth to sb;
 把某物献祭给某人 ② figurative (give up) 牺牲 xīshēng ‹time, career, principle›;
 舍弃 shěqì ‹opportunity, freedom, comfort›C. to sacrifice oneself reflexive verb 牺牲自己 xīshēng zìjǐ 



sadden | BrE ˈsad(ə)n, AmE ˈsædn | transitive verb 使悲伤 shǐ bēishāng 
▸ it saddens me that/to think that … …让我感到伤心/想起…我感到伤心 



saddle | BrE ˈsad(ə)l, AmE ˈsædl | A. noun ① (on horse) 马鞍 mǎ'ān 
▸ to climb into the saddle 上马 
▸ she would spend hours in the saddle 她骑马常常一骑就是几个小时 
▸ the party leader is very firmly in the saddle figurative 该党领导人的地位非常稳固 ② (of bicycle) 车座 chēzuò ③ British Cooking 脊肉 jǐròu ④ (ridge) 山鞍 shān'ān B. transitive verb ① Riding (also saddle up) 给…备鞍 gěi… bèi ān ‹horse›② (impose) 使肩负重担 shǐ jiānfù zhòngdàn 
▸ to saddle sb/oneself with sth/sb;
 使某人/自己承担某重任/担负某人的重任 
▸ he was saddled with the running of the club 他负起了管理俱乐部的重任 



sag | BrE saɡ, AmE sæɡ | A. intransitive verb present participle sagging past tense, past participle sagged ① «mattress, ceiling» 凹陷 āoxiàn ;
 «canvas, rope» 下垂 xiàchuí ;
 «beam» 下弯 xiàwān ② (hang loosely) «cheeks, breasts, jacket» 松垂 sōngchuí ③ (weaken) «spirits» 委靡不振 wěimǐ bùzhèn ;
 «courage» 衰落 shuāiluò ;
 «economy» 衰退 shuāituì ④ (fall) «price, sales» 下降 xiàjiàng ;
 «exports, profits» 减少 jiǎnshǎo ;
 «shares» 下跌 xiàdiē B. noun ① (in ceiling, mattress) 下陷 xiàxiàn ② (in price, value) 下跌 xiàdiē 
▸ a sag in price 价格的下降 



sail | BrE seɪl, AmE seɪl | A. noun ① countable and uncountable (for boat) 帆 fān 
▸ to hoist/lower the sails 扬帆/降帆 
▸ to put on more sail 增帆 
▸ to take in sail 收帆 
▸ to have the wind in one's sails 志在必得 
▸ to take the wind out of sb's sails figurative 使某人突然泄气 ② uncountable (navigation) 帆船航行 fānchuán hángxíng 
▸ under sail 张着帆 
▸ to cross the ocean under sail 扬帆渡海 
▸ to set sail from …/for … 从…起航/起航前往… 
▸ in full sail 张着满帆 ③ countable and uncountable (voyage in sailing vessel) 乘船航行 chéngchuán hángxíng 
▸ to go for a sail 乘船出游 
▸ how many days' sail is it from Hull to Oslo? 从赫尔到奥斯陆要航行几天？ ④ uncountable dated (ships) 帆船 fānchuán ⑤ countable (of windmill) [风车的] 翼板 yìbǎn B. intransitive verb ① (move across water) «boat, ship» 航行 hángxíng 
▸ the ship sailed into Brest 船驶入布雷斯特港 ② (travel by boat) 乘船旅行 chéngchuán lǚxíng 
▸ to sail north 乘船北上 
▸ to sail around the world 乘船环游世界 
▸ to sail close or near to the wind 顶风冒险 figurative 冒大风险 mào dà fēngxiǎn ③ (start a voyage) «ship, person» 起航 qǐháng 
▸ what time do we/does the boat sail? 我们/船何时起航？ 
▸ to sail from/for somewhere;
 从某处起航/起航前往某处 ④ (sail yacht for leisure) 乘游艇游玩 chéng yóutǐng yóuwán 
▸ to go sailing 乘船去游玩 ⑤ (move in air) 掠过 lüèguo 
▸ the ball sailed over the fence 球飞过了栅栏 
▸ clouds were sailing across the sky 云在天上飘 ⑥ (move in stately manner) «person» 昂首而行 ángshǒu érxíng ;
 «vehicle» 徐徐驶过 xúxú shǐguo ;
 «swan» 款款游过 kuǎnkuǎn yóuguo 
▸ to sail into the room 优雅地走进那房间 
▸ to sail into work 悠然自得地上班工作 C. transitive verb ① (pilot) 驾驶 jiàshǐ ‹yacht, catamaran›
▸ she sailed the boat around the cape/into the harbour 她驾船绕过了海角/进入港口 
▸ little boys were sailing model boats on the pond 小男孩们正在操控池塘上的模型船 ② (travel across) 在…上航行 zài… shang hángxíng ‹sea, ocean›PHRASAL VERBS sail in intransitive verb informal «person» 昂首进入 ángshǒu jìnrù sail through transitive verb [sail through sth] 顺利通过 shùnlì tōngguò ‹exam, interview›
▸ she sailed through college 她轻松读完了大学 



sally | BrE ˈsali, AmE ˈsæli | noun ① (incursion, sortie) 出击 chūjī ;
 (quick journey) 短途旅行 duǎntú lǚxíng 
▸ to make a sally;
 进行突袭 
▸ a brief sally to the shops 匆匆去一趟商店 ② (witty remark) 妙语 miàoyǔ 
▸ to make a sally;
 说句俏皮话 PHRASAL VERB sally forth intransitive verb (formal or humorous) 出发 chūfā 



salute | BrE səˈl(j)uːt, AmE səˈlut | A. noun ① (greeting) 敬礼 jìnglǐ 
▸ to give (sb) a salute （向某人）行礼 
▸ to return sb's salute 向某人回礼 
▸ in salute to sb 以表示对某人的敬意 
▸ to take the salute [国家元首等在阅兵时] 接受敬礼 ② (firing of guns) 鸣礼炮 míng lǐpào 
▸ a 21-gun salute 21响礼炮 ③ (tribute) 敬意 jìngyì 
▸ a salute to sb/sth;
 对某人/某物的致敬 B. transitive verb ① (greet) 向…行军礼 xiàng… xíng jūnlǐ ‹soldier›;
 向…致敬 xiàng… zhìjìng ‹royalty, visitor›
▸ to salute the flag 向旗帜敬礼 ② figurative (honour) 赞扬 zànyáng ‹person, achievement, efforts›
▸ to salute sb for sth;
 因某事物而赞扬某人 
▸ to salute sb/sth as sth;
 将某人/某事物赞美作某事物 C. intransitive verb «soldier» 行军礼 xíng jūnlǐ 



salvage | BrE ˈsalvɪdʒ, AmE ˈsælvɪdʒ | A. transitive verb ① Nautical 打捞 dǎlāo ‹wreck, cargo, treasure›;
 (from building) 抢救 qiǎngjiù ‹painting, furniture›
▸ a salvage company/vessel 打捞公司/打捞船 
▸ the ship was salvaged and towed into port 船得救被拖回港内 ② figurative (save) 挽回 wǎnhuí ‹reputation, self-respect›;
 挽救 wǎnjiù ‹situation, marriage›;
 留存 liúcún ‹memories›③ (for recycling) 回收利用 huíshōu lìyòng ‹newspapers, cardboard›B. noun uncountable ① (recovery) 抢救 qiǎngjiù 
▸ the salvage of treasures from a bombed church 对被炸教堂中贵重物品的抢救 ② (goods recovered) 抢救出的财物 qiǎngjiù chū de cáiwù ③ (reward) 救助酬金 jiùzhù chóujīn ④ (recycling) 废物回收 fèiwù huíshōu 
▸ to collect sth for salvage 为了回收利用而收集某物 



salve | BrE salv, AmE sæv | A. noun uncountable and countable ① (balm) 药膏 yàogāo ② figurative (comfort) 慰藉 wèijiè 
▸ as a salve to sb's conscience 作为对某人良心的宽慰 B. transitive verb ① (apply balm to) 在…上敷药膏 zài… shang fū yàogāo ‹wound›② (soothe) 安慰 ānwèi 
▸ to salve one's conscience 使良心得到宽慰 



sample | BrE ˈsɑːmp(ə)l, AmE ˈsæmpəl | A. noun ① (of product) 样品 yàngpǐn ;
 (for test) 抽样 chōuyàng 
▸ to take a sample (of sth) （对某物）进行取样 
▸ free samples 免费试用品 
▸ sample questions 样题 ② Medicine 试样 shìyàng 
▸ a blood/urine sample 血样/尿样 ③ (of population, voters, etc.) 样本 yàngběn 
▸ a representative/limited sample 代表性/有限样本 
▸ a random sample 随机样本 B. transitive verb ① (try) 品尝 pǐncháng ‹food, wine›
▸ to sample the pleasure of being waited on 体验被人服侍的快乐 ② (get a representative judgement of) 抽样调查 chōuyàng diàochá ‹product, opinion, market›



sanctify | BrE ˈsaŋ(k)tɪfʌɪ, AmE ˈsæŋ(k)təˌfaɪ | transitive verb 使…神圣化 shǐ… shénshènghuà ‹marriage, life›;
 使…合法化 shǐ… héfǎhuà ‹practice, usage›



sanction | BrE ˈsaŋ(k)ʃ(ə)n, AmE ˈsæŋ(k)ʃ(ə)n | A. noun ① uncountable (authorization) 准许 zhǔnxǔ ;
 (approval) 批准 pīzhǔn 
▸ with the sanction of … 经…的批准 ② countable (deterrent) 处罚 chǔfá 
▸ legal/criminal sanction 法律制裁/刑事处罚 
▸ the ultimate sanction 最严厉的处罚 B. sanctions plural noun Politics 国际制裁 guójì zhìcái 
▸ economic/trade sanctions 经济/贸易制裁 
▸ to impose sanctions on … 对…实施制裁 
▸ to lift or raise sanctions 取消制裁 C. transitive verb (give permission for) 准许 zhǔnxǔ ;
 (give approval to) 批准 pīzhǔn 



sap | BrE sap, AmE sæp | A. noun ① uncountable (in plants) 液 yè 
▸ in early spring the sap starts to rise and buds appear 初春时分，树液开始增加，于是树芽冒出 
▸ the hot heady days of youth when the sap was rising figurative 朝气蓬勃的青春岁月 ② uncountable (vigour) 活力 huólì ③ countable (mainly US) informal (gullible person) 傻瓜 shǎguā B. transitive verb present participle sapping past tense, past participle sapped 使…虚弱 shǐ… xūruò ‹person›;
 消耗 xiāohào ‹strength, vigour›;
 削弱 xuēruò ‹confidence, pride›
▸ to sap sb of sth;
 使某人逐渐失去某物 



saponify | səˈpɒnɪfʌɪ | verb (saponifies, saponifying, saponified) [with object] Chemistry turn (fat or oil) into soap by reaction with an alkali: (as adjective saponified) : saponified vegetable oils. • convert (any ester) into an alcohol and a metal salt by alkaline hydrolysis. DERIVATIVES saponifiable | səˌpɒnɪˈfʌɪəb(ə)l | adjective saponification | səˌpɒnɪfɪˈkeɪʃ(ə)n | noun ORIGIN early 19th century: from French saponifier, from Latin sapo, sapon- ‘soap’.



sash | BrE saʃ, AmE sæʃ | noun ① (round waist) 腰带 yāodài ② (ceremonial) [制服上的] 饰带 shìdài ③ (window frame) 窗框 chuāngkuàng 



sashay | BrE saˈʃeɪ, AmE sæˈʃeɪ | intransitive verb (mainly US) informal (with a swagger) 大摇大摆地走 dà yáo dà bǎi de zǒu ;
 (seductively) 装腔作势地走 zhuāng qiāng zuò shì de zǒu 



sass | BrE sas, AmE sæs | US informal A. noun uncountable 粗鲁无礼 cūlǔ wúlǐ B. transitive verb 对…出言不逊 duì… chūyán bùxùn 



sate | BrE seɪt, AmE seɪt | transitive verb formal 充分满足 chōngfèn mǎnzú ‹appetite, curiosity›



satiate | BrE ˈseɪʃɪeɪt, AmE ˈseɪʃiˌeɪt | transitive verb 充分满足 chōngfèn mǎnzú 



satirize | BrE ˈsatɪrʌɪz, AmE ˈsædəˌraɪz | transitive verb 讽刺 fěngcì 



satisfy | BrE ˈsatɪsfʌɪ, AmE ˈsædəsˌfaɪ | A. transitive verb ① (fulfil) 满足 mǎnzú ‹need, curiosity, desire›;
 使满意 shǐ mǎnyì 
▸ I need someone who can satisfy me both physically and intellectually 我需要一个身体和精神上都能使我满意的人 ② (comply with, meet) 符合 fúhé ‹terms, condition›;
 达到 dádào ‹requirement›;
 偿还 chánghuán ‹debt›
▸ our firm is unable to satisfy the demand for our goods 本公司无法满足对我们商品的需求 ③ (persuade, convince) 使…确信 shǐ… quèxìn ‹public›;
 向…证实 xiàng… zhèngshí ‹jury, court›
▸ the employer wanted to satisfy himself as to the applicant's honesty 雇主想弄清楚求职者是否诚实 B. intransitive verb «food, book» 令人满意 lìng rén mǎnyì 
▸ to fail to satisfy 未令人满意 



saturate | BrE ˈsatʃəreɪt, AmE ˈsætʃəˌreɪt | transitive verb ① (soak) 将…浸透 jiāng… jìntòu ‹carpet, soil, bandage›;
 使…湿透 shǐ… shītòu ‹clothes, body, hair›
▸ sweat had saturated his shirt 汗水湿透了他的衬衫 ② (fill to capacity) 使…充满 shǐ… chōngmǎn ‹area, media›;
 使…饱和 shǐ… bǎohé ‹market›
▸ to saturate the market with sth 以某物充斥市场 ③ Chemistry 使…饱和 shǐ… bǎohé ‹vapour, solution›④ Military (bomb, shell) 对…进行饱和轰炸 duì… jìnxíng bǎohé hōngzhà 
▸ we saturated the area with artillery fire 我们对该地区进行了饱和炮击 



saunter | BrE ˈsɔːntə, AmE ˈsɔn(t)ər | A. intransitive verb 
▸ saunter (along) 闲逛 xiánguàng 
▸ to saunter off 悠闲地走开 yōuxián de zǒukāi B. noun 闲逛 xiánguàng 
▸ to go for a saunter 去漫步 



save1 | BrE seɪv, AmE seɪv | A. transitive verb ① (rescue) 挽救 wǎnjiù ‹person, life›
▸ he was saved by an overhanging branch 一根伸出的树枝救了他一命 
▸ to save the whale/rain forests 拯救鲸鱼/雨林 
▸ to save the set/match 挽回这一局/这场比赛 
▸ to save oneself 自救 
▸ to save sb/sth from sth/sb;
 使某人/某物免遭某状况/免于落入某人之手 
▸ that loan saved us from bankruptcy 那笔贷款使我们免遭破产 
▸ she saved him from making an awful fool of himself 她使他避免了大出洋相 
▸ they managed to save a few things from the fire 他们从火里抢救出了几样东西 
▸ to save sb from himself/herself 使某人免于自我毁灭 
▸ to save sb's life literal 救某人的命 figurative 帮某人的大忙 bāng mǒu rén de dàmáng 
▸ she can't use a computer to save her life informal 她死活不会用电脑 
▸ to save the day or situation 挽回败局 
▸ Emily saved the day by whipping up a meal from some leftovers 艾米莉匆匆用剩菜做了一顿饭使大家免于挨饿 ② (keep for future) 积攒 jīzǎn ‹money›;
 留存 liúcún ‹food›
▸ save me a piece of cake, will you? 给我留一块蛋糕，好吗？ 
▸ to save sth for sb/sth;
 为某人/某事物保留某物 
▸ to save a building/an art treasure for posterity/the nation 把建筑物/艺术珍宝留给后人/民族 
▸ you can save your explanations for the police 你等着向警察解释吧 
▸ she asked us to save her a seat 她要我们给她留一个座位 
▸ I was saving this dance for you 我在等着和你跳这支舞 
▸ he's saving himself for the big match 他在为准备参加大赛保存体力 
▸ she's saving herself for Mr Right 她守身如玉，等待如意郎君的出现 
▸ save your strength, you'll never break that rope 省省力气吧，你拉不断那根绳子 
▸ save it! informal 住口！ ③ (spare) 节省 jiéshěng 
▸ why not phone and save yourself a journey 为什么不打个电话省得跑一趟呢 
▸ going via Gloucester will save you twenty miles/minutes 取道格洛斯特可以少走20英里/少用20分钟 
▸ to save one's breath 少费口舌 ④ (avoid need for) 免去 miǎnqù 
▸ thanks, you've saved me an awful lot of trouble 谢谢，你为我省去了一大堆麻烦 
▸ to save sb/sth (from) doing or having to do sth;
 使某人/某物不必做某事 
▸ take the stuff now, it'll save you having to come back tomorrow 现在就把东西拿走吧，这样你明天就不用再回来了 
▸ to save doing sth;
 免得做某事 
▸ I'll take a key to save disturbing you when I come in 我带一把钥匙免得进来时打扰你 ⑤ Computing 保存 bǎocún ‹data, file›⑥ Sport 救 jiù ‹goal, shot›⑦ (collect) 收集 shōují ‹beer mats, matchboxes, collectible items›⑧ (keep in health) 护佑 hùyòu 
▸ God save the Queen/King 上帝佑女王/国王 ⑨ Religion 救赎 jiùshú ‹soul, sinner, mankind›B. intransitive verb ① (keep back money) 攒钱 zǎn qián 
▸ to save for or towards sth;
 为某事物攒钱 
▸ I'm saving for a holiday abroad 我在攒钱准备去国外度假 ② (economize) 节约 jiéyuē 
▸ to save on sth;
 节省某物 
▸ to save on labour costs 降低劳动力成本 
▸ to save on petrol 节约汽油 ③ Religion 救赎 jiùshú 
▸ Jesus saves 耶稣救赎世人 C. noun 救球 jiù qiú 
▸ to make a save 救球 jiù qiú PHRASAL VERB save up A. intransitive verb 攒钱 zǎn qián 
▸ to save up for or towards sth;
 为某事物攒钱 
▸ we're saving up for a skiing trip 我们正在攒钱准备去滑雪旅行 B. transitive verb [save sth up, save up sth] 积攒 jīzǎn 
▸ they saved up enough money to pay off the debt 他们攒够钱把债务还清了 



savor | BrE ˈseɪvə, AmE ˈseɪvər | noun, transitive or intransitive verb US = savour



savvy | BrE ˈsavi, AmE ˈsævi | (mainly US) informal A. noun uncountable ① (common sense) 常识 chángshí 
▸ you can find your way back by yourself — just use your savvy! 你能自己找到回家的路──运用常识就行！ ② (know-how) 技能 jìnéng 
▸ marketing savvy 营销技能 B. adjective (shrewd) 精明的 jīngmíng de ;
 (well-informed) 有见识的 yǒu jiànshi de 
▸ to be savvy about sth;
 在某事上精明 



saw1 | BrE sɔː, AmE sɔ | past tense → see1



say | BrE seɪ, AmE seɪ | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle said ① (utter) 说 shuō 
▸ to say hello/goodbye 问好/道别 
▸ she says he's ill 她说他病了 
▸ it's just a way of saying thank you 这只是一种道谢的方式 
▸ to say a prayer 祈祷 
▸ ‘hello,’he said “嗨，”他说道 
▸ I've got nothing to say (to police, media, etc.) 我无可奉告 
▸ to have a lot to say 有很多话要说 
▸ the boss will have something to say about that 关于那件事老板有话要讲 
▸ to say sth to oneself;
 心里想某事 
▸ I wouldn't say no to a lift to the station 我不反对搭车去车站 
▸ to say one's piece 说出心里话 
▸ to have a lot to say for oneself 有一肚子话要说 
▸ what have you got to say for yourself? 你还有什么可辩解的吗？ 
▸ I should say so or it is! 的确如此！ 
▸ you said it! informal 说得对！ 
▸ you can say that again! informal 你说得一点不错！ 
▸ and so say all of us 我们都这么想 
▸ say no more informal 不用再说了 
▸ enough said informal 不必多说 
▸ the manager said he'd say no more about it if we returned the money immediately 经理说如果我们马上把钱还回去，他就不再追究 
▸ when all is said and done 说到底 
▸ it goes without saying (that …) 不用说（…） 
▸ so to say 可以说 
▸ as you/they say 正如你/人们所说 
▸ so they/you say 大家都这么说/那是你说的 ② (claim, assert) 宣称 xuānchēng 
▸ the weather forecast said it would be fine today 天气预报说今天是晴天 
▸ the rules/statutes/regulations say associate members have full voting rights 规定/条例/规章里说明准会员有完全的投票权 
▸ it is said that … 据说… 
▸ he's said to be worth millions 据说他身家数百万 
▸ don't say I didn't warn you 别说我没有警告过你 
▸ don't say you forgot! 别说你忘了！ 
▸ to say sth for sb/sth;
 替某人/某事物说某话 
▸ it says a lot for him (that …) （…）说明他很好 
▸ it doesn't say much for them (that …) （…）说明他们不怎么样 
▸ it doesn't say much for their marriage/her commitment 这说明他们的婚姻/她的承诺有问题 
▸ there's a lot to be said for sth/doing sth 某物/做某事有很多优点 
▸ that isn't saying much 那说明不了什么 
▸ to say nothing of … 更不用说… 
▸ it will cost millions, to say nothing of the amount of disruption it will cause 这将花去数百万，更何况还会造成极大的混乱 ③ (state, indicate) «writer, gesture, sign» 表达 biǎodá ;
 «dial» 显示 xiǎnshì 
▸ the letter said nothing about any additional payments 信中没有提到额外付款 
▸ what do you think the poet is trying to say? 你认为诗人想表达什么？ 
▸ the music says something to me 这音乐向我传达了某种意思 
▸ say it with flowers 以花传情 [花商广告语]
▸ a card/gift can say so much 一张贺卡/一份礼物可以传达无限情谊 
▸ the sign says ‘keep off the grass’ 牌子上写着“勿踏草地” 
▸ the clock says half past three 钟上的时间是3点半 
▸ what does your watch say? 你的手表几点了？ 
▸ that says it all 那说明了一切 
▸ that is to say that … 也就是说… 
▸ this is the method we recommend, but that's not to say it's the only method 我们推荐这个方法，但并不是说这是唯一的方法 ④ (guess) 估计 gūjì ;
 (conjecture) 认为 rènwéi 
▸ there's no saying 很难说 
▸ it's a good bargain, I'd say 我觉得这个交易蛮划算的 ⑤ (be of the opinion of) 主张 zhǔzhāng 
▸ he says I should accept 他认为我应该接受 
▸ what do you say to that? 你对那件事有何想法？ ⑥ 
▸ (assume) say (that) … 假如… jiǎrú… 
▸ say you have an accident, who would look after you? 假如你出了事故，谁来照顾你呢？ ⑦ (admit) 承认 chéngrèn 
▸ it seems very expensive, I must say 我得说这似乎很贵 ⑧ (instruct, order) 告诉 gàosu 
▸ she said that we were to wait here 她要我们在这里等 
▸ to say to do sth;
 要求他人做某事 
▸ the man said to pay at the cash desk 那个人让我们到收银台付款 
▸ do as or what I say 照我说的做 ⑨ (decide) 决定 juédìng 
▸ the boss will say whether you're to go or not 老板会决定你的去留 
▸ that's not for me to say 这事不由我决定 ⑩ informal (in suggestions, offers) [用于提建议]
▸ what say we go for a stroll before lunch? 我们午饭前去散个步怎么样？ 
▸ say I drove you to the station;
 would that help? 我开车送你去车站吧，这样有帮助吗？ B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle said ① informal (speak) 说 shuō 
▸ says who? (sceptical) 谁说的？ 
▸ says you! (taunting) 你在瞎说！ 
▸ you don't say! 不会吧！ 
▸ the boss is in a bad mood again — you don't say! ironic 老板又不高兴了──不至于吧！ ② British dated (hey) 喂 wèi [用来引出一句话]
▸ I say, that is a shame! 哎呀，太遗憾了！ 
▸ I say, waiter! 喂，服务员！ ③ (for example) 比方说 bǐfang shuō 
▸ you're expecting, say, 500 guests 你们需要接待，比方说，500位客人 C. noun ① (power to influence) 发言权 fāyánquán 
▸ to have a say in sth/doing sth 在某事物/做某事上有发言权 
▸ to have a/no say in the matter 在此事上有/没有发言权 ② (chance to speak) 发言机会 fāyán jīhuì 
▸ to have one's say 发表意见 
▸ no, let him have his say 不，让他把话说出来 D. exclamation US informal 嘿 hēi [表示惊讶或提请注意]
▸ say, that's a great idea! 嘿，这个主意好极了！ 



scab | BrE skab, AmE skæb | A. noun ① Medicine 痂 jiā ② informal derogatory (strike-breaker) 破坏罢工者 pòhuài bàgōng zhě 
▸ scab! scab! 工贼！工贼！ B. intransitive verb present participle scabbing past tense, past participle scabbed «wound, cut» 结痂 jiéjiā 
▸ to scab over;
 结痂 jiéjiā 







scald | BrE skɔːld, AmE skɔld | A. transitive verb ① (burn) 烫伤 tàngshāng ‹hand, tongue, person›
▸ to scald one's arm with boiling water 被开水烫伤手臂 
▸ like a scalded cat figurative 飞快地 ② Cooking (nearly boil) 将…加热到接近沸腾 jiāng… jiārè dào jiējìn fèiténg ‹liquid, milk›③ Cooking (blanch) 焯 chāo ‹tomatoes, meat›B. to scald oneself reflexive verb 烫伤 tàngshāng 
▸ to scald oneself with/on sth 被某物烫伤 C. noun 烫伤 tàngshāng 



scale1 | BrE skeɪl, AmE skeɪl | A. noun ① countable (grading system) 等级 děngjí 
▸ we assess performance on a scale of 0 to 10 我们按0到10级来评估成绩 
▸ to move up the (social) scale （社会）等级上升 
▸ a scale of values 价值观体系 
▸ at the other end of the scale 在等级的另一端 
▸ a scale of charges 收费等级 
▸ a pay or wage scale 工资级别 
▸ a graduated scale 级差制 
▸ an incremental scale 递进级别制 ② countable (measuring mark) 刻度 kèdù ③ countable (ratio) 比例 bǐlì 
▸ the scale (of the plans) is one to a hundred （设计图的）比例为1:100 
▸ to scale 按比例 
▸ out of scale 不成比例 
▸ the scale of the map is too small to see anything clearly 地图比例太小，什么都看不清 
▸ a scale model/drawing 按比例缩放的模型/图画 ④ uncountable (size) 规模 guīmó ;
 (degree) 程度 chéngdù ;
 (scope) 范围 fànwéi 
▸ the scale of the disaster 受灾程度 
▸ the scale of change 变化的程度 
▸ the scale of production/operations 生产/运营规模 
▸ on a large or grand scale 大规模地 
▸ she loves entertaining on a grand scale 她喜欢大宴宾客 
▸ on a monumental scale 规模宏大地 
▸ on a small/an inadequate scale 小/不够规模地 
▸ on a national scale 在全国范围内 
▸ she had never seen destruction on such a scale 她从未见过这么大规模的破坏 ⑤ countable Music 音阶 yīnjiē 
▸ to play/sing/practise a scale 演奏/唱出/练习音阶 
▸ the scale of C major C大调音阶 B. transitive verb 爬上 páshang ‹wall, ladder›;
 攀上 pānshang ‹mountain, tower›PHRASAL VERBS scale down (mainly US) scale back transitive verb [scale sth down, scale down sth] 缩小 suōxiǎo ‹drawing, plan›;
 削减 xuējiǎn ‹production, imports, expenditure, investment›;
 降低 jiàngdī ‹price, earnings›
▸ a scaled down version (of sth) （某物的）缩小版 
▸ the army is scaling down its operations 军队现正把军事行动降级 scale up transitive verb [scale sth up, scale up sth] 放大 fàngdà ‹drawing, plan›;
 增加 zēngjiā ‹production, imports, expenditure, investment›;
 提高 tígāo ‹price, earnings›
▸ a scaled up version (of sth) （某物的）扩大版 
▸ the army is scaling up its operations 军队现正把军事行动升级 



scam | BrE skam, AmE skæm | A. noun informal (swindle, fraud) 诈骗 zhàpiàn ;
 (dishonest scheme) 骗局 piànjú B. transitive verb present participle scamming past tense, past participle scammed 欺诈 qīzhà 
▸ to scam sb out of sth;
 从某人处骗得某物 



scan | BrE skan, AmE skæn | A. transitive verb present participle scanning past tense, past participle scanned ① (examine) 仔细观察 zǐxì guānchá ‹horizon, sea, crowd›
▸ to scan sth for sth;
 仔细观察某物以寻找某物 
▸ to scan sb's face intently 细细端详某人的脸 ② (traverse) 横扫 héngsǎo 
▸ the searchlight beam scanned the sky/every corner 探照灯的光束扫过天空/每个角落 ③ Literature 标出…的格律 biāochū… de gélǜ ‹poem, verse, line›④ Medicine «doctor, machine» 扫描检查 sǎomiáo jiǎnchá ‹patient, knee, brain›⑤ Computing (convert to digital form) 扫描 sǎomiáo ‹image, data›
▸ to scan a photo on to a computer 把一张照片扫描到计算机里 ⑥ Computing (check) 扫描…查病毒 sǎomiáo… chá bìngdú ‹e-mail, file›⑦ (pass across) «radar, sonar» 扫描 sǎomiáo ‹region, space›B. intransitive verb present participle scanning past tense, past participle scanned «poem, line, verse» 符合格律 fúhé gélǜ 
▸ the poem scans well 这首诗格律工整 C. noun ① Medicine (examination) 扫描检查 sǎomiáo jiǎnchá ;
 (image) 扫描图 sǎomiáotú 
▸ to do or perform a scan 进行扫描检查 
▸ to have or undergo a scan 接受扫描检查 ② Computing (check) 扫描查找 sǎomiáo cházhǎo ③ Physics 扫描图像 sǎomiáo túxiàng PHRASAL VERB scan in transitive verb [scan sth in, scan in sth] 扫描输入 sǎomiáo shūrù 



scant | BrE skant, AmE skænt | adjective 一丁点的 yīdīngdiǎn de 
▸ a scant five metres 5米不到 
▸ he has been given scant credit for his work 他的工作几乎没有得到赞许 
▸ to show scant regard for sth, to pay scant attention to sth 很少关注某事物 



scar | BrE skɑː, AmE skɑr | A. noun ① (mark on skin) 疤 bā 
▸ acne scars 痤疮疤痕 
▸ to have a scar on one's knee 膝盖上有一道疤 
▸ to leave a scar 留下疤痕 
▸ to bear the scars of sth 带有某事物留下的伤疤 
▸ scars of battle 搏斗的伤痕 ② figurative (psychological damage) 心理创伤 xīnlǐ chuāngshāng 
▸ to leave scars on sb 给某人留下心灵创伤 
▸ psychological/mental scars 心灵/精神创伤 ③ figurative (blemish) 瑕疵 xiácī ;
 (ugly mark) 污点 wūdiǎn 
▸ racism has been a scar on the game 种族主义为比赛抹了黑 
▸ the town still bore the scars of war 城里依旧可见战争的疮痍 B. transitive verb present participle scarring past tense, past participle scarred ① (mark) «accident, disease» 给…留下疤痕 gěi… liúxia bāhén ‹person, face, arm›
▸ to scar sb for life 给某人留下终生伤疤 ② figurative (traumatize) «experience, event» 给…造成精神创伤 gěi… zàochéng jīngshén chuāngshāng ‹person, psyche›
▸ to be scarred for life 留下终生的心理创伤 ③ figurative (spoil) «action, damage, crime» 给…留下瑕疵 gěi… liúxia xiácī ‹surface, structure›
▸ the stone walls were scarred with graffiti 涂鸦破坏了这些石墙的外观 
▸ a society scarred by crime 被犯罪活动玷污的社会 PHRASAL VERB scar over intransitive verb «wound, cut» 结疤 jié bā 



scare | BrE skɛː, AmE skɛr | A. transitive verb 使害怕 shǐ hàipà 
▸ to scare sb into/out of doing sth 吓得某人做/不敢做某事 
▸ to scare sb stiff or rigid or stupid informal 把某人吓呆 
▸ to scare the life or living daylights out of sb, to scare sb out of their wits informal 把某人吓得魂不附体 
▸ to scare sb to death informal 把某人吓得要死 B. intransitive verb 感到害怕 gǎndào hàipà 
▸ to scare easily 很容易害怕 C. noun ① (fright) 惊吓 jīngxià 
▸ to give sb a scare 使某人受到惊吓 
▸ to get a scare 受到惊吓 ② (alarm) 恐慌 kǒnghuāng 
▸ a bomb/rabies scare 炸弹/狂犬病恐慌 PHRASAL VERBS scare away, scare off transitive verb [scare away sth/sb, scare sth/sb away] ① (drive away) 把…吓跑 bǎ… xiàpáo ‹person, attacker, animal›② (put off) 使…生畏 shǐ… shēngwèi ‹burglars, investors›
▸ he often scares the customers away 他常常使顾客退避三舍 scare up transitive verb [scare up sth, scare sth up] US informal 勉强凑集 miǎnqiǎng còují ‹money, people›;
 费力地张罗 fèilì de zhāngluo ‹food, meal›



scarify | BrE ˈskɛːrɪfʌɪ, AmE ˈskɛrəˌfaɪ | transitive verb ① Medicine 划破 huápò ‹skin›② Farming 翻松 fānsōng ‹soil›



scarp | BrE skɑːp, AmE skɑrp | noun (escarpment) 悬崖 xuányá ;
 (steep slope) 陡坡 dǒupō 



scat1 | BrE skat, AmE skæt | intransitive verb present participle scatting past tense, past participle scatted informal 走开 zǒukāi 



scatter | BrE ˈskatə, AmE ˈskædər | A. transitive verb ① 
▸ (throw around) to scatter (about or around);
 撒 sǎ ‹sand, salt, ashes, seeds›② 
▸ (place haphazardly) to scatter (about or around);
 随处放置 suíchù fàngzhì ‹papers, toys›
▸ clothes were scattered on every chair 每把椅子上都有随手乱放的衣服 ③ (cause to disperse) 驱散 qūsàn ‹crowd, birds, clouds›④ Physics 散射 sǎnshè ‹electrons, photons›B. intransitive verb 散开 sànkāi C. noun 散落 sànluò 
▸ a scatter of houses/rain drops 稀稀落落的房屋/雨滴 



scold | BrE skəʊld, AmE skoʊld | A. transitive verb 责骂 zémà 
▸ to scold sb for sth/doing sth;
 因某事/做某事而训斥某人 B. intransitive verb 责骂 zémà 
▸ to scold about sth;
 责怪某事 



scorch | BrE skɔːtʃ, AmE skɔrtʃ | A. transitive verb «person, chemical, iron, heat» 把…烧焦 bǎ… shāojiāo ‹shirt, material›;
 «sun» 把…烤焦 bǎ… kǎojiāo ‹grass, trees›
▸ scorched earth policy Military figurative 焦土政策 B. intransitive verb ① (get burnt) «fabric» 烧焦 shāojiāo ;
 «grass, countryside» 烤焦 kǎojiāo ② (move fast) «driver, cyclist, car» 疾驰 jíchí C. noun (also scorch mark) 焦痕 jiāohén 



scowl | BrE skaʊl, AmE skaʊl | A. noun 怒容 nùróng B. intransitive verb 怒视 nùshì 
▸ to scowl at sb 怒视某人 



scrawl | BrE skrɔːl, AmE skrɔl | A. noun ① uncountable (writing) 潦草的笔迹 liáocǎo de bǐjì 
▸ can you read his scrawl? 你看得懂他的鬼画符吗？ ② countable (note) 潦草的便条 liáocǎo de biàntiáo ;
 (mark) 胡乱的符号 húluàn de fúhào B. transitive verb (write) 潦草地写 liáocǎo de xiě ;
 (draw) 潦草地画 liáocǎo de huà C. intransitive verb (write) 潦草地写 liáocǎo de xiě ;
 (mark) 乱涂 luàn tú 



scream | BrE skriːm, AmE skrim | A. noun ① (of person, animal) 尖叫 jiānjiào ;
 (of brakes, engine) 尖利刺耳的声音 jiānlì cì'ěr de shēngyīn 
▸ he let out a scream of terror 他发出一声惊叫 
▸ screams of laughter were coming from the dining room 餐厅里传来了刺耳的笑声 ② informal (funny person) 可笑的人 kěxiào de rén ;
 (funny thing) 可笑的事物 kěxiào de shìwù 
▸ the last act is an absolute scream 最后一幕滑稽可笑至极 B. intransitive verb ① (utter a cry) «person, animal» 尖叫 jiānjiào ;
 «baby» 大哭 dàkū 
▸ to scream at sb;
 对某人大喊 
▸ to scream for help 高声求救 
▸ they're screaming for John out there 他们在外头大喊约翰的名字 
▸ to scream with pain/fright/rage/delight 痛苦/惊恐/愤怒/快乐地尖叫 
▸ the whole audience was screaming with laughter 全场观众哄然大笑起来 ② (make piercing noise) «wind» 呼啸 hūxiào ;
 «engine, brakes» 发出刺耳声 fāchū cì'ěr shēng 
▸ the vehicle screamed to a halt 车嘎吱一声刹住了 C. transitive verb 高喊 gāohǎn ‹order, abuse›
▸ ‘let go of me’, he screamed “放开我，”他大声喊道 
▸ ‘MP IN DRUGS SCANDAL’screamed the headlines 报纸用惊人的大字标题写着“国会议员卷入毒品丑闻” PHRASAL VERB scream out A. transitive verb [scream out sth, scream sth out] 高喊 gāohǎn ‹warning, order›B. intransitive verb 
▸ to scream out for sth;
 literal 呼唤某物 figurative 亟需某物 jí xū mǒu wù 
▸ people screaming out for help 高声求救的人们 



screw | BrE skruː, AmE skru | A. noun ① Technology 螺丝 luósī 
▸ to have a screw loose informal 有些古怪 
▸ to put the screws on sb informal 胁迫某人 ② Nautical (propeller) 螺旋桨 luóxuánjiǎng ③ informal (prison guard) 监狱看守 jiānyù kānshǒu ④ vulgar slang (sex) 交媾 jiāogòu 
▸ to have a screw 性交 ⑤ vulgar slang (sexual partner) 性伴侣 xìng bànlǚ 
▸ to be a good screw 床上功夫很好 ⑥ British dated (twist of paper) 小纸卷 xiǎo zhǐjuǎn 
▸ a screw of sweets/salt/tobacco 一小包糖果/盐/烟草 ⑦ British dated informal (wage) 工资 gōngzī 
▸ to be on a good screw 赚高薪 B. transitive verb ① Technology 用螺丝固定 yòng luósī gùdìng ‹piece of wood, metal plate›
▸ to screw sth on to sth;
 把某物用螺丝固定在某物上 ② (twist) 拧紧 nǐngjǐn ‹screw, threaded part›
▸ to screw sth into sth;
 把某物拧入某物 ③ (distort) 扭曲 niǔqū ‹face›④ informal (extort, extract) 勒索 lèsuǒ 
▸ to screw sth out of sb;
 向某人勒索某物 
▸ it took the threat of strike action to screw concessions out of the management 以罢工相威胁才迫使资方作出了让步 ⑤ informal (swindle) 诈骗 zhàpiàn ⑥ informal (thwart) 搅乱 jiǎoluàn ‹system›⑦ vulgar slang (have sex with) 与…性交 yǔ… xìngjiāo ⑧ vulgar slang (damn) (in insults) 让…见鬼去 ràng… jiànguǐ qù 
▸ screw you! 去你妈的！ 
▸ screw the government! 让政府见鬼去吧！ C. intransitive verb ① Technology 拧上 nǐngshang 
▸ to screw into or on to sth;
 拧到某物上 ② vulgar slang (have sex) 交媾 jiāogòu PHRASAL VERBS screw around intransitive verb ① vulgar slang (sleep around) 乱交 luànjiāo offensive ② US informal (joke) 胡闹 húnào 
▸ quit screwing around! I'm being serious! 别闹了！我是认真的！ screw in A. transitive verb [screw sth in, screw in sth] 把…拧上 bǎ… nǐngshang ‹screw, bolt›B. intransitive verb 拧上 nǐngshang screw off A. transitive verb [screw sth off, screw off sth] 拧掉 nǐngdiào ‹cap, lid›B. intransitive verb «cap, lid» 旋开 xuánkāi screw on A. transitive verb [screw sth on, screw on sth] 拧上 nǐngshang ‹cap, lid, handle›
▸ to have one's head screwed on (the right way) informal 头脑清醒 B. intransitive verb «cap, lid, handle» 拧上 nǐngshang screw round transitive verb [screw sth round] 把…转过来 bǎ… zhuàn guolai 
▸ to screw oneself/one's head round 转身/扭过头来 screw together A. transitive verb [screw sth together, screw together sth] 把…拧在一起 bǎ…nǐng zài yīqǐ ‹parts›B. intransitive verb «parts» 拧在一起 nǐng zài yīqǐ screw up A. transitive verb [screw sth up, screw up sth] ① (tighten) 拧紧 nǐngjǐn ‹screw, nut›② (crumple) 把…揉成团 bǎ… róuchéng tuán ‹paper, handkerchief›
▸ she screwed up her eyes because of the glare of the lights 亮光刺得她眯起了眼睛 
▸ don't screw your face up like that, try to look natural 别那样绷着脸，自然一点吧 ③ informal (mess up) 搞砸 gǎozá ‹plan, project›④ informal (make unhappy) 使心烦意乱 shǐ xīn fán yì luàn ⑤ (summon) 振作 zhènzuò 
▸ to screw up one's courage (to do sth) 鼓起勇气（做某事） B. intransitive verb ① (become tighter) «nut» 拧紧 nǐngjǐn ② (mainly US) informal (mess up) 搞砸 gǎozá 



scrub1 | BrE skrʌb, AmE skrəb | A. noun ① (clean) 擦洗 cāxǐ 
▸ to give sth a good scrub 彻底擦洗某物 ② (cosmetic) 磨砂膏 móshāgāo B. transitive verb ① (clean) 擦洗 cāxǐ ‹hands, floor, saucepan›
▸ will you scrub my back for me? 你给我擦擦背好吗？ ② informal (scrap) 取消 qǔxiāo ‹party, plan›
▸ scrub that 删去刚才那一句 C. intransitive verb 擦洗 cāxǐ PHRASAL VERBS scrub down transitive verb [scrub sth/sb down, scrub down sth/sb] 彻底擦洗 chèdǐ cāxǐ ‹wall, table›scrub in intransitive verb «surgeon» [手术前] 彻底清洗并穿上手术服 chèdǐ qīngxǐ bìng chuānshang shǒushùfú scrub off transitive verb [scrub sth off, scrub off sth] 擦去 cāqù ‹mark, dirt›scrub out transitive verb [scrub sth out, scrub out sth] ① (rub out) 擦掉 cādiào ‹mark, writing›② (clean inside) 洗刷 xǐshuā ‹pan, oven›scrub up intransitive verb «surgeon» [手术前] 彻底清洗手臂 chèdǐ qīngxǐ shǒubì 



search | BrE səːtʃ, AmE sərtʃ | A. intransitive verb ① (look, seek) 搜寻 sōuxún 
▸ to search for sth/sb;
 搜寻某物/某人 
▸ to search through sth;
 找遍某处 
▸ she spends hours searching through her wardrobe for or to find something to wear 她用了好几个小时在衣橱里翻找可穿的衣服 
▸ I don't like the idea of somebody searching through my belongings 我不喜欢别人翻我的东西 ② Computing 搜索 sōusuǒ 
▸ to search for data/a file 搜索数据/文件 B. transitive verb ① (examine) 搜查 sōuchá 
▸ he was stopped and searched by an army patrol 他被巡逻兵拦住搜身 
▸ to search a catalogue/list 查目录/清单 
▸ to search one's memory 努力回忆 
▸ search me! informal 我怎么知道！ ② (scan) 仔细察看 zǐxì chákàn ‹map›③ Computing 搜索 sōusuǒ ‹file, document›C. noun ① (hunt) 寻找 xúnzhǎo 
▸ in search of … 寻找… 
▸ he went into the kitchen in search of sth to drink 他到厨房去找一点儿喝的 ② (of area, house, person) 搜查 sōuchá ;
 (into drawer, cupboard, handbag) 翻找 fān zhǎo 
▸ a body search 搜身 
▸ a customs search 海关检查 
▸ right of search Law, Nautical 搜查权 ③ Computing 搜索 sōusuǒ 
▸ to do a search 进行搜索 PHRASAL VERBS search about, search around: intransitive verb 
▸ to search about for sth/sb;
 四处寻找某物/某人 sìchù xúnzhǎo mǒu wù/mǒu rén search out transitive verb [search sb/sth out, search out sb/sth] 找出 zhǎochū 
▸ she searched out her old school photographs to show me 她找出上学时的老照片给我看 



seat | BrE siːt, AmE sit | A. noun ① (chair) (in room, at table) 椅子 yǐzi ;
 (in car) 座椅 zuòyǐ ;
 (in bus, train, hall, cinema, theatre) 座位 zuòwèi 
▸ an adjustable/a reclining seat 可调节式座椅/靠椅 
▸ a bicycle seat 自行车车座 
▸ to keep or save a seat for sb 给某人留座位 
▸ remain in your seats, please 请坐在原位 
▸ take or have a seat! 坐下！ ② (of chair) 座部 zuòbù ;
 (of trousers) 后裆 hòudāng ;
 (of lavatory) 座圈 zuòquān 
▸ (to fly) by the seat of one's pants informal 凭感觉（行事） ③ euphemistic (buttocks) 臀部 túnbù ④ British (in parliament) 席位 xíwèi ;
 (on committee etc.) 职位 zhíwèi 
▸ to win/lose a seat 赢得/失去一席 
▸ to take one's seat in the Commons/Lords British 就任下议院/上议院议员 
▸ a seat on the board/committee 董事会/委员会职位 ⑤ (centre, base) 所在地 suǒzàidì 
▸ the seat of commerce 商业重镇 
▸ a seat of learning 学府 
▸ the seat of consciousness 意识所在 ⑥ (residence) 宅邸 zháidǐ B. transitive verb ① formal (assign place to) 为…安排座位 wèi… ānpái zuòwèi ‹person›② (have seats for) «hall, coach» 可供…就座 kě gōng… jiùzuò 
▸ the table seats 12 at a pinch 这张桌子挤得下12个人 C. to seat oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to seat oneself at sth/next to sb 坐在某物/某人旁边 zuò zài mǒu wù/mǒu rén pángbiān 



secure | BrE sɪˈkjʊə,sɪˈkjɔː, AmE səˈkjʊr | A. adjective ① (firmly fixed) 牢固的 láogù de ‹structure, ladder›
▸ to make sth secure 把某物弄牢固 
▸ she made the rope secure around the trunk of a tree 她把绳子牢牢地系在树干上 ② (protected) 安全的 ānquán de ‹place, hideout›;
 稳定的 wěndìng de ‹job, income›
▸ to be secure against or from sth;
 不受某事物的威胁 
▸ make sure the house is secure before you leave it 出门前确保把门窗关好 
▸ is your pension secure against inflation? 你的养老金不会受通货膨胀的影响吗？ ③ (untroubled) 安宁的 ānníng de ‹feeling, family background›
▸ he didn't feel secure on his own 他自己一个人感觉不太踏实 
▸ to be secure in the knowledge that … 知道…而感到踏实 B. transitive verb ① (fix or fasten firmly) 系牢 jìláo ‹rope›;
 关紧 guānjǐn ‹door, window›② (make safe) 保护 bǎohù ‹house, premises›;
 使…稳固 shǐ… wěngù ‹position›③ Finance 为…担保 wèi… dānbǎo ‹debt›
▸ the loan is secured on your house 这笔贷款是拿你的住房作抵押的 ④ (acquire) 获得 huòdé ‹position, funds, consent›



see1 | BrE siː, AmE si | past tense saw past participle seen A. transitive verb ① (perceive) 看见 kànjian 
▸ to see (that) … 看见… 
▸ to see what/where/how/if … 看到什么/哪里/如何/是否… 
▸ I couldn't see if anyone was at the door 我看不到门口是否有人 
▸ to see sb/sth do sth;
 看见某人/某物做某事 
▸ to see sb/sth doing sth;
 看到某人/某物正在做某事 
▸ I saw him break the window/climbing into the house 我看见他打破窗户/爬进房子里了 
▸ it was too dark to see anything 天太黑了，什么都看不见 
▸ to see with one's own eyes 亲眼看见 
▸ for all (the world) to see 显而易见 
▸ not to be seen dead (doing sth) informal 死也不（做某事） 
▸ I wouldn't be seen dead in that dress/jogging! 我坚决不穿那件连衣裙/参加慢跑！ 
▸ to see sb damned or hanged (first) informal （先）让某人见鬼去吧 
▸ to see the back or last of sb/sth informal 终于摆脱某人/某事物 
▸ to see sth coming 看到某物过来 figurative 预料到会出某问题 yùliào dào huì chū mǒu wèntí 
▸ to see one's way (clear) to doing sth informal (be able) 认为有可能做某事 (find convenient) 方便做某事 
▸ could you see your way clear to lending me £500? 你能借给我500英镑吗？ 
▸ not to be able to see the wood for the trees informal 只见树木不见森林 
▸ to see stars informal 眼冒金星 
▸ to see the light (of day) (be born) 出生 figurative (be produced) 问世 wènshì 
▸ he didn't think the footage should ever see the light of day 他认为那段片子根本就不该播出 ② (watch) 看 kàn ‹film, TV programme›;
 观看 guānkàn ‹match, game›③ (inspect) 查看 chákàn ④ (meet by chance) 遇见 yùjiàn 
▸ you'll never guess who I saw at the party! 你绝对猜不出我在聚会上看到谁了！ 
▸ to happen to see sb 碰巧遇见某人 
▸ I'm off now! see you (around)! informal 我得走了！再见！ 
▸ I'll be seeing you informal 再见 ⑤ (visit a person) 拜访 bàifǎng ;
 (visit a place) 参观 cānguān 
▸ do come and see us again 一定要再来看我们 
▸ I've always wanted to see India 我一直希望去印度游玩 
▸ to see the sights 观光 
▸ to see the world 游历世界 ⑥ (have a meeting with) 会晤 huìwù ;
 (receive a visit from) 接见 jiējiàn 
▸ to see sb about sth;
 为某事物会见某人 
▸ what is it you want to see me about? 你找我有什么事？ 
▸ to see a or one's doctor 去看医生 
▸ you should see a lawyer 你应该见一下律师 
▸ he's far too ill to see anyone 他身体很不好，不能见任何人 ⑦ (spend time with) 与…在一起 yǔ… zài yīqǐ ;
 informal (have relationship with) 与…交往 yǔ… jiāowǎng 
▸ to see a lot of sb 与某人常待在一起 
▸ she's seeing a married man 她和一个已婚男子有染 
▸ are you seeing anyone? 你在跟谁交往吗？ ⑧ (understand, grasp) 领会 lǐnghuì ‹meaning›;
 看清 kànqīng ‹problem›
▸ to see a joke 听懂笑话 
▸ can't you see (that) she loves you! 你看不出来她爱你吗！ 
▸ to see how/where/what …;
 明白如何/哪里/什么… 
▸ do you see what I mean? 你明白我的意思吗？ 
▸ I just can't see what you're driving at 我就是不明白你到底想说什么 ⑨ (interpret) 看待 kàndài 
▸ to see sth from sb's point of view 从某人的角度看待某事物 
▸ the way or as I see it … 在我看来… 
▸ to see eye to eye (with sb/on sth) （和某人/在某事上）意见一致 ⑩ (envisage) 设想 shèxiǎng 
▸ I don't see her changing her mind 我无法想象她会改变主意 
▸ I just don't see him in that role 我无法想象他扮演这个角色 ⑪ (understand, find out) 得知 dézhī 
▸ I see (that) the minister has resigned 我获悉部长已经辞职 
▸ see who's (knocking) at the door 看看谁在敲门 
▸ I think I see where the problem lies 我想我知道问题出在哪儿了 
▸ I'll see what I can do to help 我看看能帮什么忙 
▸ to see into the future 预见未来 
▸ it remains to be seen (if or whether …) （是否…）有待揭晓 ⑫ (make sure) 确保 quèbǎo 
▸ see that all the doors are locked 确保所有的门都已锁好 
▸ to see sb right informal 保证不亏待某人 ⑬ (experience, witness) 经历 jīnglì 
▸ my coat has seen a lot of hard wear 我的外套已经穿得很旧了 
▸ to have seen better days 曾经有过一段好日子 
▸ we'll never see his like or the like of him again 我们再也不会遇到他这样的人了 
▸ to have seen it all or everything 什么都见识过 
▸ to see service 服役 
▸ a period which saw the birth of computer science 见证了计算机科学诞生的时代 ⑭ (be the scene of) 是…的发生地 shì… de fāshēng de 
▸ the theatre saw many fine productions in its heyday 该剧院在鼎盛时期上演过许多精品 ⑮ (escort) 送 sòng 
▸ to see sb across or over sth;
 护送某人走过某处 
▸ to see sb across the road 护送某人过马路 
▸ to see sb home 送某人回家 
▸ to see sb off the premises 送某人离场 ⑯ (find in particular condition) 发觉 fājué 
▸ he hated to see her so unhappy 他不愿意看她这么不高兴 
▸ it was unpleasant seeing the house so neglected 看到房子这样疏于照管，真让人难过 ⑰ (find quality in) 看中 kànzhòng 
▸ to see sth in sb/sth;
 看中某人/某物的某种品质 
▸ what on earth does she see in him? 她到底看上他什么了？ ⑱ (imagine) 好似看到 hǎosì kàndào 
▸ to see things 幻视 
▸ in the darkness I saw a monster lurking behind every tree 在黑暗中我仿佛看到每棵树后都潜伏着怪物 ⑲ (demonstrate) 表明 biǎomíng 
▸ it has already been seen that … 我们已经看到… ⑳ (refer to) 参看 cānkàn 
▸ see page 120 见第120页 B. intransitive verb ① (have the power of sight) 有视力 yǒu shìlì ;
 (use sight) 看得见 kàndejiàn 
▸ as you can see 正如你所看到的 
▸ to see for miles 看到很远的地方 
▸ it's too dark! I can't see to read 天太黑了！我看不成书了 
▸ so I see figurative 我知道了 
▸ to see double 看成重影 
▸ to see red figurative informal 火冒三丈 ② (understand) 明白 míngbai 
▸ the whole thing is out of the question, see? 整件事情已经不可能了，明白吗？ 
▸ see here (now)! 听好了！ 
▸ as far as I can see 在我看来 
▸ you see informal 要知道 [插入语] ③ (find out, check) 查看 chákàn 
▸ has the post come yet? — I don't know, I'll go and see 邮件到了吗？──我不知道，我去看看 
▸ wait and see! 等着瞧吧！ 
▸ suck it and see informal 自己试试看 ④ (think, consider) 想一想 xiǎng yī xiǎng 
▸ let me/let's see 让我/让我们考虑一下 C. to see oneself reflexive verb 
▸ he saw himself already elected 他设想自己已经当选 
▸ I can't see myself as or being … 我无法想象自己成为… 
▸ I can't see myself as a writer 我无法想象自己是个作家 PHRASAL VERBS see about transitive verb [see about sth] 处理 chǔlǐ 
▸ I must see about lunch soon 我马上得去做午饭 
▸ he needs to see about getting the car serviced 他需要找人修车 
▸ we'll (soon) see about that! informal 我们（很快）就会见分晓！ see in: transitive verb [see sth in, see in sth] 迎接…的到来 yíngjiē… de dàolái 
▸ we're going to see in the New Year 我们就要过新年了 see off transitive verb [see sb off, see off sb] ① (say farewell to) 送别 sòngbié 
▸ we all went to the airport to see her off 我们都去机场为她送行了 ② (chase after) 驱赶 qūgǎn see out A. [see sb out] transitive verb ① (escort from premises) 送…出去 sòng… chūqù ② (be present at sb's death) 看着…死去 kànzhe… sǐqù ;
 (live or last till sb's death) 寿命比…长 shòumìng bǐ… cháng B. [see sth out] transitive verb (remain till end of) 持续到…结束 chíxù dào… jiéshù 
▸ we've got enough fuel to see the winter out 我们有足够的燃料过冬 see over transitive verb [see over sth] 察看 chákàn see through: transitive verb ① [see through sb/sth] (not be deceived by) 看穿 kànchuān 
▸ to see through sb's little game informal 看穿某人的小伎俩 ② [see sth through] (not abandon) 把…做到底 bǎ… zuò dàodǐ ‹undertaking›
▸ to see sth through to the bitter end 把某事坚持到底 ③ [see sb through] (support) 帮助…度过 bāngzhù… dùguò ;
 (satisfy) 使维持下来 shǐ wéichí xiàlai 
▸ to see sb through sth;
 帮助某人度过某事 
▸ I've got just enough money to see me through until pay day! 我的钱只能撑到发工资的那天！ see to transitive verb [see to sth] 处理 chǔlǐ 
▸ the sink is blocked;
 I'll have to see to it 洗涤槽堵了，我得疏通一下 
▸ all the sweets have gone;
 the children saw to that! humorous 所有的糖果全没了；这都是那帮孩子干的好事！ 
▸ to see to it that … 确保… 
▸ will you see to it that all the windows are shut? 麻烦你把所有的窗户关上好吗？ 



seek | BrE siːk, AmE sik | past tense, past participle sought A. transitive verb ① (try to obtain) 寻找 xúnzhǎo ‹explanation, solution›;
 追求 zhuīqiú ‹agreement, fame, person›
▸ to seek revenge 伺机报复 
▸ to seek sb's approval 征求某人的同意 
▸ to seek a second term of office 争取连任 
▸ to seek one's fortune 寻找发财机会 ② (ask for) 请求 qǐngqiú ‹advice, permission›
▸ she sought help from the police 她向警察求助 B. intransitive verb 寻找 xúnzhǎo 
▸ to seek for or after sth;
 追求某物 
▸ to seek to do sth;
 试图做某事 
▸ I was merely seeking to clear up some of the confusion 我只是想澄清一些混淆的地方 PHRASAL VERB seek out transitive verb [seek out sb/sth, seek sb/sth out] 找出 zhǎochū 
▸ to seek out and destroy Military 找到并消灭 



seem | BrE siːm, AmE sim | intransitive verb ① (look, feel) 好像 hǎoxiàng 
▸ how does she seem today? 她今天气色如何？ 
▸ taste a bit — it seems all right to me 你尝尝──我觉得还行 
▸ they seem like nice people 他们看上去是好人 
▸ we had to wait for what seemed like ages 我们不得不度日如年般地等待 
▸ to seem to do sth;
 好像做某事 
▸ she seems to have gone out 她似乎已经出门了 
▸ what seems to be going on? 出了什么事？ 
▸ to seem as if or as though …;
 看起来好像… ② (give impression) 让人觉得似乎 ràng rén juéde sìhū 
▸ it seems ages since we got here 我们来这里似乎已经很久了 
▸ it seems (that) or as if or as though … 看来… 
▸ does it seem as if the rain's stopping? 雨有停下来的迹象吗？ 
▸ there seem to me to be two possibilities 我觉得有两种可能 



seize | BrE siːz, AmE siz | A. transitive verb ① literal (take hold of) 抓住 zhuāzhù 
▸ to seize hold of sb/sth;
 抓住某人/某物 
▸ to seize sb around the waist 揽住某人的腰 
▸ to seize sb by the arm/hair 揪住某人的胳膊/头发 ② figurative (make use of, grasp) 利用 lìyòng 
▸ to seize an opportunity to … 抓住机会来… 
▸ to seize the initiative 把握主动 ③ figurative (affect) 攫住 juézhù 
▸ to be seized by fear/pain 感到一阵恐惧/疼痛 
▸ seized by or with a sudden impulse 一时冲动 
▸ I was seized by a sudden desire to tell her everything 我突然想把一切都告诉她 ④ Military (capture) 夺取 duóqǔ 
▸ rebel troops seized the television station 叛军占领了电视台 ⑤ (kidnap, abduct) 绑架 bǎngjià ⑥ (confiscate) 没收 mòshōu ;
 (apprehend, arrest) 拘押 jūyā B. intransitive verb = seize upPHRASAL VERBS seize on transitive verb = seize uponseize up intransitive verb ① (cease to operate) «engine, mechanism» 停止运转 tíngzhǐ yùnzhuǎn ;
 «piston» 卡住 qiǎzhù ② (stop moving) 活动困难 huódòng kùnnan 
▸ my back has seized up 我的背发僵 seize upon transitive verb [seize upon sth] 抓住…以利用 zhuāzhù… yǐ lìyòng 
▸ he immediately seized upon the weakness in the argument 他一下子抓住了论点中的漏洞 



select | BrE sɪˈlɛkt, AmE səˈlɛkt | A. transitive verb 挑选 tiāoxuǎn 
▸ to select sb to do sth;
 选择某人做某事 
▸ to be selected for the team 被选入队中 B. intransitive verb 挑选 tiāoxuǎn 
▸ to select from (among) sth;
 从某物中挑选 C. adjective ① (carefully chosen) 精选的 jīngxuǎn de ‹group, audience›
▸ only a select few can afford such luxuries 只有极少数人买得起这种奢侈品 ② (exclusive) 上层人士的 shàngcéng rénshì de ‹neighbourhood›
▸ a select club 名流俱乐部 



sell | BrE sɛl, AmE sɛl | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle sold ① (exchange for money) 卖 mài 
▸ to sell sth to sb;
 把某物卖给某人 
▸ to sell sth at a loss/profit 亏本/赢利出售某物 
▸ I sold the car for £2,000 我把车卖了2,000英镑 
▸ to sell sth at or by auction 拍卖某物 
▸ to sell sth cheaply 贱卖某物 
▸ to sell sb a pup informal 卖给某人伪劣品 
▸ to sell sth retail/wholesale 零售/批发某物 
▸ sold/to be sold (on notice) 已售出/待售 
▸ to sell sth for cash/on credit 以现金结算方式/赊账方式销售某物 
▸ to sell sb into slavery 把某人卖作奴隶 ② (stock for sale) «retailer» 经营 jīngyíng 
▸ stamps/newspapers sold here 此处经销邮票/报纸 ③ (promote sale of) «salesperson» 推销 tuīxiāo ‹insurance, equipment, property›;
 «publicity, quality, craftsmanship» 促进…的销路 cùjìn… de xiāolù ‹product›
▸ sex and scandal: that's what sells the tabloids! 性与丑闻：这是小报的卖点！ ④ informal (persuade of the merits of) «person, campaign» 推荐 tuījiàn ‹ideas, party›
▸ to sell sb sth;
 说服某人采纳某事 
▸ to sell oneself;
 自我推销 
▸ to be sold on sth informal 热衷于某事 ⑤ informal (make believe) 使…被相信 shǐ… bèi xiāngxìn ‹excuse, explanation›
▸ to sell sth to sb, to sell sb sth;
 使某人相信某事 
▸ you can't sell that old excuse to me! 你那套老借口对我已经不灵了！ 
▸ to sell sb a or some line about sth 蒙骗某人相信某事 ⑥ (surrender, betray) 出卖 chūmài 
▸ a traitor who sold his country 卖国贼 
▸ to sell one's honour/principles for sth;
 为某事物出卖名誉/原则 
▸ to sell oneself 出卖自己 
▸ to sell oneself to sb;
 被某人收买 
▸ to sell one's soul (to the devil) （向魔鬼）出卖灵魂 
▸ to sell oneself or one's body 卖淫 
▸ to sell sb down the river informal 出卖某人 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle sold ① (exchange sth for money) 出售 chūshòu 
▸ we are selling at a loss 我们在亏本销售 
▸ he knew I was selling short 他知道我在做卖空交易 ② (be bought) 有销路 yǒu xiāolù 
▸ to sell well/badly 畅销/滞销 
▸ the car sold to a Russian millionaire 这辆车卖给了一个俄国百万富翁 
▸ it is selling at a discount/for £50 该商品在打折销售/以50英镑的价格出售 
▸ to sell like hot cakes 热销 C. noun British informal 失望 shīwàng 
▸ Hawaii's a bit of a sell — not a patch on Corfu 夏威夷相当令人失望──远远比不上科孚岛 PHRASAL VERBS sell off transitive verb [sell sth off, sell off sth] 廉价出售 liánjià chūshòu sell on: transitive verb ① [sell sth on, sell on sth] Business 转售 zhuǎnshòu ‹goods›② [sell sb on sth] 使相信…有价值 shǐ xiāngxìn… yǒu jiàzhí 
▸ informal he's completely sold on the idea of a new sports centre 他完全接受了修建新体育中心的想法 sell out A. intransitive verb ① Business 售完 shòuwán 
▸ the concert has or is completely sold out 音乐会的门票已经售完 
▸ we've sold out, I'm afraid 恐怕已经售完了 
▸ to sell out of sth;
 卖完某物 
▸ to sell out (to sb);
 被（某人）收买 ② (abandon one's principles) 背弃原则 bèiqì yuánzé 
▸ to sell out to sb;
 屈服于某人 B. transitive verb [sell out sth] 售出 shòuchū 
▸ he decided to sell out his interest in the company 他决定出售自己在公司拥有的股份 sell up A. intransitive verb 变卖 biànmài B. transitive verb [sell up sth] 变卖 biànmài 
▸ they sold up their property 他们变卖了自己的财产 



send | BrE sɛnd, AmE sɛnd | past tense, past participle sent A. transitive verb ① (dispatch) 发送 fāsòng 
▸ to send a telegram 发电报 
▸ to send a letter/parcel 寄信/寄包裹 
▸ to send reinforcements 派出增援部队 
▸ to send sth to sb, to send sb sth;
 给某人送去某物 
▸ to send sb for sth;
 派某人取某物 
▸ to send sb to do sth;
 派某人做某事 
▸ send him in as soon as he arrives 他一到就让他进来 
▸ two children were sent out of class 两个孩子被赶出了课堂 
▸ management have closed the factory and sent the workers home 资方关闭了工厂，遣散了工人 
▸ to send sb to bed 让某人上床睡觉 
▸ to send sb on an errand/a mission 派某人去办事/履行使命 
▸ he was sent to hospital for treatment 他被送进医院治疗 
▸ he was sent to prison for five years 他被监禁5年 
▸ to send help 派人援助 
▸ to send one's children away to school 送孩子上寄宿学校 
▸ I'll send a car for you or to fetch you 我派车去接你 
▸ to send one's best wishes/kindest regards 送上良好祝愿/亲切问候 
▸ to send sb one's love 向某人问好 
▸ these things are sent to try us! 这些都是上天安排来考验我们的！ ② Radio 发射 fāshè ‹signal, transmission›;
 发出 fāchū ‹appeal, SOS›
▸ the satellite sent pictures back 卫星发回了一些照片 ③ (cause to move) 使移动 shǐ yídòng 
▸ a sudden cold snap sent the temperature down 突然而至的寒潮造成气温下降 
▸ favourable economic news sent shares up 经济方面的利好消息抬升了股价 
▸ to send sb/sth flying 把某人/某物撞飞 
▸ the sudden gust of wind sent the pieces of paper flying 一阵疾风把纸张吹得四处乱飞 ④ (drive into certain condition) 使进入某状态 shǐ jìnrù mǒu zhuàngtài 
▸ the pain was sending him mad 他快疼得发疯了 
▸ falling prices sent the market into a panic 价格下跌造成了市场恐慌 
▸ to send sb to sleep 使某人入睡 ⑤ (dismiss) 驱赶 qūgǎn 
▸ to send sb packing or about his business informal 叫某人卷铺盖走人 
▸ to send sb off or away with a flea in his ear 喝退某人 ⑥ dated informal (make ecstatic) 使陶醉 shǐ táozuì 
▸ she really sends him! 她使他神魂颠倒！ B. intransitive verb formal 捎信 shāo xìn 
▸ he sent to ask if he could do anything to help (by letter) 他写信问他能不能帮上什么忙 PHRASAL VERBS send away: A. transitive verb ① [send sb away] (order to leave) 把…打发走 bǎ… dǎfa zǒu ② [send sth away] (for repair or processing) 发送出去 fāsòng chūqù [以便修理或处理] B. intransitive verb 写信索取 xiě xìn suǒqǔ 
▸ to send away to sb/sth (for sth);
 写信向某人/某处索要（某物） 
▸ he sent away to the warehouse for additional supplies 他向货栈发函要求追加供货 send down transitive verb [send sb down, send down sb] ① British University (expel) 开除 kāichú ② Law informal (send to prison) 判…入狱 pàn… rùyù send for transitive verb [send for sb/sth] 叫…过来 jiào… guòlai 
▸ to send for a taxi/an ambulance 叫出租车/救护车 
▸ to send for a doctor 请医生来 send forth transitive verb [send forth sb/sth] literary «king» 派出 pàichū ‹army›;
 «tree» 长出 zhǎngchū ‹leaves›;
 «star» 发出 fāchū ‹light›send in: transitive verb ① [send sb in, send in sb] (order to a place) 派…去 pài… qù 
▸ troops have been sent in to quell the riots 部队已被调去镇压骚乱 ② [send sth in] (submit) 提交 tíjiāo 
▸ to send in a job application 提交求职申请 send off transitive verb ① = send away A② [send sb off, send off sb] British Sport 把…罚下场 bǎ… fá xiàchǎng send on A. [send sth on] transitive verb ① (send in advance) 先期发送 xiānqī fāsòng ② (forward) 转送 zhuǎnsòng 
▸ to send sth on to sb;
 把某物转运给某人 B. [send on sb, send sb on] transitive verb Sport 派…上场比赛 pài… shàngchǎng bǐsài send out A. [send out sth] transitive verb ① (emit) 发出 fāchū ‹light, heat, smoke›② (produce) «tree, plant» 长出 zhǎngchū ‹leaves, roots›③ (dispatch) 分发 fēnfā ‹leaflets, information, invitations›B. [send sb out] transitive verb 派…出去 pài… chūqù 
▸ she sent him out to buy some flour 她着他出去买些面粉 send up transitive verb [send sb/sth up, send up sb/sth] ① British informal (imitate) 滑稽模仿 huájī mófǎng ② US (sentence) 判…入狱 pàn… rùyù 



sentence | BrE ˈsɛnt(ə)ns, AmE ˈsɛn(t)əns | A. noun ① Linguistics 句子 jùzi 
▸ he never finishes his sentences 他从来不把句子说完整 ② (punishment) 判决 pànjué 
▸ a jail or prison sentence 判处监禁 
▸ a life sentence 无期徒刑 
▸ to be under sentence of death 被判死刑 
▸ to serve/commute a sentence 服刑/减刑 
▸ to pass sentence on sb 对某人作出判决 B. transitive verb 判决 pànjué 
▸ to sentence sb to sth (for sth);
 （因某事）判处某人某刑罚 
▸ to sentence sb to jail 判决某人入狱 
▸ he was sentenced to pay a £500 fine 他被判支付500英镑罚款 



separate A. adjective | BrE ˈsɛp(ə)rət, AmE ˈsɛp(ə)rət | ① (unconnected) 分开的 fēnkāi de ‹piece, area›;
 单独的 dāndú de ‹room, sheet, issue›
▸ a separate department for after-sales service 专门负责售后服务的部门 
▸ I want a separate opinion US Law 我想听听独立意见 
▸ separate bathroom and WC 独立的浴室和洗手间 
▸ to keep the rams separate from the ewes 把公羊和母羊分开 ② (individual) 独有的 dú yǒu de 
▸ they sleep in separate rooms 他们分房睡 
▸ can we have separate bills, please? 请给我们分别开账单好吗？ 
▸ a separate entrance to each flat 每套公寓的单独入口 ③ (independent) 独立的 dúlì de 
▸ the young animals are now capable of separate existence 幼兽现在能独立生存了 
▸ a separate school Canadian 教会独立学校 B. separates plural noun | AmE ˈsɛprət | [通常指女性的] 单件衣服 dān jiàn yīfu C. transitive verb | BrE ˈsɛpəreɪt, AmE ˈsɛpəˌreɪt | ① (divide) 隔开 gékāi 
▸ a community separated by intolerance 一个因为互不宽容而分裂的社区 
▸ the railway separates the residential areas from the industrial estate 铁路把住宅区和工业区隔开 ② (force apart) 分开 fēnkāi 
▸ to separate the yolks from the whites 把蛋黄和蛋清分开 ③ (sort) 区分 qūfēn ‹people, strands, wires›
▸ will you separate the children according to age 请你按年龄把孩子们分组 
▸ I have separated the different threads in the story 我把故事中不同的线索理清楚了 D. intransitive verb | BrE ˈsɛpəreɪt, AmE ˈsɛpəˌreɪt | ① (part) «couple, lovers» 分居 fēnjū ② (come away from) 分离 fēnlí 
▸ the oil separates from the water 油不溶于水 PHRASAL VERB separate out transitive verb 分离 fēnlí 
▸ to separate out elements/ingredients/factors;
 把元素/成分/因子分解出来 



set | BrE sɛt, AmE sɛt | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle set ① (place, position) 放置 fàngzhì ‹object›;
 安置 ānzhì ‹person›
▸ his hat was set at a rakish angle 他歪戴着帽子 
▸ the castle is set on the bank of a river 城堡位于河岸上 
▸ to set guards around the building 在大楼周围布置警卫 
▸ I would set the university just below Oxford and Cambridge in terms of prestige 从声望上讲，我觉得这所大学仅次于牛津和剑桥 ② (arrange, establish) 确定 quèdìng ‹time, venue, target, standard›;
 树立 shùlì ‹fashion›
▸ to set a reserve price for sth 为某物定底价 ③ (adjust) 设定 shèdìng 
▸ to set the alarm (on building) 设定警报器 (on clock) 设闹钟 
▸ to set the switch in the on/off position 把开关调到开/关的位置 ④ (put in motion) 使开始 shǐ kāishǐ 
▸ I'll soon set them on the right track 我很快会拨正他们的思路 
▸ she set the motor going 她开动了马达 
▸ to set sb thinking 引发某人的思考 
▸ to set sb to do sth or doing sth;
 让某人做某事 
▸ to set oneself to do sth;
 给自己安排做某事 ⑤ (assign, arrange) 布置 bùzhì ‹task, job›;
 出…的题目 chū… de tímù ‹test›
▸ who is setting the biology exam? 谁出生物试题？ 
▸ to set sb a question or problem 给某人出题 
▸ the committee has been set the task of drafting a new constitution 委员会受命起草新宪法 ⑥ (in work of fiction) 以…为背景 yǐ… wéi bèijǐng 
▸ the next scene is set in an antechamber 下一个场景设在接待室 ⑦ (fix in decorative setting) 镶嵌 xiāngqiàn ‹gemstone›
▸ to set sth in sth;
 把某物镶嵌入某物 
▸ a gold necklace set with rubies and emeralds 一条镶有红宝石和翡翠的金项链 ⑧ (write musical accompaniment) 为…谱曲 wèi… pǔqǔ ‹words, libretto›
▸ to set a poem to music 为一首诗谱曲 ⑨ Printing 排 pái ‹type›;
 为…排版 wèi… páibǎn ‹book›⑩ Medicine 使…复位 shǐ… fùwèi ‹bone, limb›
▸ to set a leg/arm in plaster 用石膏固定腿/胳膊 ⑪ (cause to harden) 使…凝固 shǐ… nínggù ‹jam, concrete, dye›⑫ (style) 使定型 shǐ dìngxíng 
▸ to have one's hair set 做发型 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle set ① (go down) «sun, moon» 落下 luòxia ② (solidify) «jam, concrete, dye» 凝固 nínggù 
▸ the glue/cement is very quick to set 这种胶水/水泥凝固得很快 ③ Medicine «bone» 复位 fùwèi ④ (begin) 着手 zhuóshǒu 
▸ to set to doing sth;
 开始做某事 
▸ to set to work 着手工作 ⑤ (assume a fixed expression) 呈现 chéngxiàn 
▸ her features set into a grimace 她的面部扭曲了 C. noun ① (of tools, spanners, knives etc.) 一套 yī tào ;
 (of keys) 一串 yī chuàn ;
 (of weights) 一组 yī zǔ 
▸ a set of cutlery 一套餐具 
▸ a complete set of Beethoven's symphonies 贝多芬交响乐全集 
▸ a set of false teeth 一副假牙 
▸ sold in sets 整套出售的 
▸ to make up or complete a set 凑成一套 ② (group with a shared interest) 一类人 yīlèi rén 
▸ the smart or fashionable set 时尚一族 
▸ a member of the literary set 文学圈中的一员 
▸ he's not part of our set 他和我们不是一类人 ③ Radio 收音机 shōuyīnjī ;
 Television 电视机 diànshìjī 
▸ please do not adjust your set 请不要调台 ④ (of head, shoulders) 姿态 zītài ;
 (of sails, tide) 方向 fāngxiàng 
▸ the set of his jaw 他下巴的姿态 
▸ the particular set of his mind 他特有的思想倾向 ⑤ Cinema, Theatre (scenery, setting) 布景 bùjǐng ;
 (filming area) 摄影场 shèyǐngchǎng ;
 (stage) 舞台 wǔtái 
▸ to build/erect a set 搭建/竖起布景 
▸ the director gave orders to clear the set 导演命令清场 
▸ on (the) set 在拍摄现场 ⑥ Sport (in tennis) 盘 pán 
▸ a 5-set match 5盘制比赛 ⑦ Mathematics 集 jí ⑧ British School [按学生能力划分的] 教学组 jiàoxuézǔ 
▸ to be in the top/bottom set for maths 数学成绩名列前茅/垫底 ⑨ (of hair) 发型 fàxíng ⑩ Cooking 凝结 níngjié ⑪ Hunting (of hound) [猎犬发现猎物时所摆出的] 指示姿势 zhǐshì zīshì 
▸ dead set 固定指示姿势 
▸ to make a dead set at sb (attack) 猛烈攻击某人 figurative (try to win the affections of) 竭力讨好某人 jiélì tǎohǎo mǒu rén ⑫ literary (setting) 下落 xiàluò 
▸ at set of sun 日落时分 D. adjective ① (established) 固定的 gùdìng de 
▸ events usually follow a set pattern 事态通常按固有的模式发展 
▸ a set procedure 固定程序 
▸ a set phrase/expression 固定词组/表达方式 ② (rigid, unchanging) 呆板的 dāibǎn de ‹expression›;
 不变的 bùbiàn de ‹idea, attitude, position›
▸ to be set in one's ways 固执己见 
▸ to be set fair «weather» 持续晴好 ③ School (assigned for study) 指定的 zhǐdìng de ‹book, subject, topic›④ (ready) 作好准备的 zuòhǎo zhǔnbèi de 
▸ ready, (get) set, go! 各就位，预备，跑！ 
▸ to be all set 一切准备就绪 ⑤ (determined) 下定决心的 xiàdìng juéxīn de 
▸ to be set on sth/doing sth;
 对某事物下了决心/决心做某事 
▸ they seem set on ruining our chances 他们似乎一心想毁掉我们的机会 
▸ to be set against sth/doing sth;
 坚决反对某事物/做某事 ⑥ (likely) 很有可能的 hěn yǒu kěnéng de 
▸ to be set to do sth;
 很可能做某事 ⑦ 
▸ (in restaurant) set meal or menu 套餐 tàocān PHRASAL VERBS set about: transitive verb ① [set about sth] (begin purposefully) 着手干 zhuóshǒu gàn ‹job›
▸ to set about doing sth;
 着手做某事 ② [set about sb] British informal (attack) 袭击 xíjī 
▸ to set about sb with a stick/hammer;
 用棍子/锤子打某人 set against transitive verb ① 
▸ (cause to be in conflict with) to set sb against sb/sth;
 使某人反对某人/某事物 shǐ mǒu rén fǎnduì mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù 
▸ the dispute set father against son, brother against brother 这一争端使得父子成仇，兄弟反目 ② 
▸ (offset against) to set sth against sth;
 把某事物与某事物相比 bǎ mǒu shìwù yǔ mǒu shìwù xiāngbǐ 
▸ the benefits seem very small set against the magnitude of the risk 与巨大的风险相比，收益似乎太微不足道了 set apart transitive verb [set sb/sth apart, set apart sb/sth] 使与众不同 shǐ yǔ zhòng bù tóng 
▸ what sets her apart is the elegance of her prose style 她的散文风格典雅，使她的写作独具特色 set aside transitive verb [set sth aside, set aside sth] ① (put to one side) 把…放到一边 bǎ… fàngdào yībiān 
▸ he set aside his newspaper 他把报纸搁到一边 ② (disregard, ignore) 抛开 pāokāi ‹differences, prejudices, pride, jealousy›③ (dedicate) 省出 shěngchū ‹money›;
 留出 liúchū ‹time›④ Law (cancel) 撤销 chèxiāo ‹decision›;
 驳回 bóhuí ‹sentence›set back: transitive verb ① [set sth back, set back sth] (position to the rear) 把…往后放 bǎ… wǎng hòu fàng 
▸ the house is set back from the road 房子离公路有一段距离 ② [set sb/sth back, set back sb/sth] (cause delay to) 耽搁 dānge ‹project, work›
▸ a technical problem set us back three days 一个技术问题让我们耽搁了3天 ③ [set sb back] 
▸ informal (be an expense to) that must have set you back a bit! 那一定花了你不少钱！ 
▸ it only set me back $5 这只花了我5美元 set by: transitive verb [set sth by, set by sth] 留出 liúchū ‹money›set down A. [set sth down, set down sth] transitive verb ① (put down) 放下 fàngxia ② (record) 写下 xiěxia 
▸ to set sth down in writing or on paper 把某事物记录在案 ③ (fix, arrange) 确定 quèdìng 
▸ they've set down Friday as the day for the hearing 他们确定于星期五召开听证会 ④ (land) 使…降落 shǐ… jiàngluò ‹plane›B. [set sb down, set down sb] transitive verb (allow to alight) 让…下车 ràng… xiàchē ‹passengers›set forth A. intransitive verb literary 出发 chūfā 
▸ to set forth on a journey 动身旅行 B. transitive verb [set sth forth, set forth sth] formal 陈述 chénshù ‹conditions, proposal›set in intransitive verb «winter, bad weather» 来临 láilín ;
 «disease, complications» 发作 fāzuò 
▸ the frosts have set in early this year 今年霜来得早 
▸ the rain has set in for the night 晚上下起了雨 set off A. intransitive verb «traveller, expedition» 动身 dòngshēn 
▸ she set off down the hill/for the station 她向山下/车站走去 
▸ to set off on a journey;
 动身上路 
▸ to set off to do sth;
 出发去做某事 
▸ she set off on a long explanation figurative 她开始进行冗长的解释 B. [set off sth, set sth off] transitive verb ① (trigger) 触发 chùfā ‹alarm›;
 引爆 yǐnbào ‹firework, bomb›② (initiate) 引发 yǐnfā 
▸ to set off a chain of events 引发一连串事件 ③ (enhance) 衬托 chèntuō ‹colour, jewel, decoration›④ (counterbalance) 弥补 míbǔ ‹loss, withdrawal›
▸ to set sth off against sth;
 用某物抵消某物 C. [set sb off] transitive verb informal (cause to begin) 使开始 shǐ kāishǐ 
▸ you've set the baby off again! 你又把孩子弄哭了！ 
▸ to set sb off doing sth;
 使某人开始做某事 
▸ the tickle in his throat set him off coughing 他嗓子发痒，引起了一阵咳嗽 set on: transitive verb ① [set on sb] (attack) 袭击 xíjī 
▸ they were set on by a gang of bigger boys 他们遭到了一伙年纪稍大的男孩的攻击 ② 
▸ (cause to pursue) to set sth/sb on sb;
 让某物/某人追击某人 ràng mǒu wù/mǒu rén zhuījī mǒu rén 
▸ they set the police on me 他们叫警察来抓我 set out A. intransitive verb ① (leave) 出发 chūfā 
▸ to set out on sth;
 动身开始某事 
▸ to set out on a long journey 动身踏上长途旅行 ② 
▸ (begin with intention) to set out to do sth;
 有意做某事 yǒuyì zuò mǒu shì 
▸ to set out to earn a lot of money 打算挣大钱 dǎsuàn zhèng dàqián B. transitive verb [set sth out, set out sth] ① (display, lay out) 摆放 bǎifàng ‹goods, chess pieces›② (present) 陈述 chénshù ‹ideas, proposals, reasons›set to intransitive verb dated ① (begin energetically) 起劲地干起来 qǐjìn de gàn qilai 
▸ they set to and soon finished the job 他们大干起来，很快就完成了工作 ② (begin to fight) 开始扭打 kāishǐ niǔdǎ 
▸ they set to with fists and feet (flying) 他们开始拳打脚踢起来 set up A. [set sth up, set up sth] transitive verb ① (erect) 搭起 dāqǐ ‹stall, stand›;
 建起 jiànqǐ ‹monument, memorial›
▸ the photographer took some time to set up all her equipment 这位摄影师花了点时间把全部摄影器材布放到位 ② (establish) 开办 kāibàn ‹company›;
 设立 shèlì ‹tribunal, fund›③ (produce, start) 引发 yǐnfā 
▸ to set up a commotion/turbulence/noise 引起喧闹/骚乱/吵闹 
▸ the monkeys set up a great racket when the tiger approached 老虎走近时，猴子们大叫起来 ④ (arrange) 安排 ānpái ‹meeting, discussion›⑤ Printing 排 pái ‹type›;
 为…排版 wèi… páibǎn ‹page›
▸ to set up a column in type 为一个专栏排版 B. [set sb up, set up sb] transitive verb ① (establish) 扶持 fúchí 
▸ to set sb up in business 扶助某人创业 ② (equip) 配备 pèibèi 
▸ to set sb up with sth;
 用某物装备某人 
▸ I'm pretty well set up with the sort of tools I need 我已经把我需要的工具准备齐全 
▸ to be set up for life 一生衣食无忧 ③ British informal (frame) 诬陷 wūxiàn 
▸ I was well and truly set up 我被他们彻底陷害了 ④ 
▸ to set sb up as or to be sth;
 (claim) 声称某人是某物 (pretend) 假称某人是某物 jiǎchēng mǒu rén shì mǒu wù 
▸ the critics are trying to set her up as the great white hope of British cinema 评论家们试图把她捧为英国电影界的巨大希望 C. intransitive verb 
▸ to set up in business 创业 chuàngyè 
▸ to set up as sth;
 从事某事 cóngshì mǒu shì 
▸ I hear you're setting up as a caterer 我听说你要做餐饮 D. to set oneself up reflexive verb ① 
▸ (establish oneself) to set oneself up as sth;
 从事某事 cóngshì mǒu shì 
▸ she set herself up as a hairdresser 她做起了美发师 tā zuòqǐle měifàshī ② 
▸ (claim to be) to set oneself up as sth;
 自夸为某物 zìkuā wéi mǒu wù 
▸ I don't set myself up as or to be an expert 我不敢自诩为专家 set upon transitive verb = set on



sever | BrE ˈsɛvə, AmE ˈsɛvər | A. transitive verb ① (cut) 割断 gēduàn ‹branch, rope, wire›;
 切下 qiēxia ‹head, limb, finger›
▸ to sever sth from sth 将某物从某物上割下 ② (break off) 断绝 duànjué ‹ties, communication, relationship›B. intransitive verb ① (be cut) «rope, cord» 被割断 bèi gēduàn ② (be broken off) «link, communications» 中断 zhōngduàn 



sew | BrE səʊ, AmE soʊ | past tense sewed past participle sewn or sewed A. transitive verb ① (stitch) «person, machine» 缝 féng ‹seam, hem, skirt, patch›;
 «surgeon» 缝合 fénghé ‹cut, wound›
▸ to sew sth on to sth;
 把某物缝到某物上 
▸ to sew sth into sth;
 把某物缝入某物内 ② (make) 缝制 féngzhì ‹clothes, table linen›B. intransitive verb «person, machine» 缝 féng PHRASAL VERB sew up transitive verb [sew sth up, sew up sth] ① (close by stitching) 缝合 fénghé ‹hole, gash›② informal (secure) 使…万无一失 shǐ… wàn wú yī shī ‹deal, match›



shake | BrE ʃeɪk, AmE ʃeɪk | A. transitive verb ① past tense shook past participle shaken (move vigorously) 抖动 dǒudòng ‹mat, bag›;
 甩动 shuǎidòng ‹prey›;
 摇动 yáodòng ‹branch›
▸ shake the bottle 摇瓶子 
▸ it was a rough road, and we were shaken around quite a bit inside the car 道路崎岖不平，我们在车里颠得很厉害 
▸ to shake sth at sb/sth 对某人/某物挥动某物 
▸ she shook the snow off or from her coat 她抖落了外衣上的雪 
▸ to shake hands 握手 wòshǒu 
▸ to shake hands with sb, to shake sb's hand, to shake sb by the hand 和某人握手 
▸ to shake one's head 摇头 
▸ there'll be a few heads shaken over this scheme when it's made public 这一计划公布后会有人反对的 
▸ to shake a leg informal 快点儿 
▸ more than you can shake a stick at British informal 多得不得了 ② (shock) 使震惊 shǐ zhènjīng 
▸ his death/the news had clearly shaken them 他的死讯/这一消息使他们大为震惊 ③ (weaken, impair) 动摇 dòngyáo ‹faith, confidence, theory›
▸ to shake sth to its foundations 彻底动摇 ‹belief, system›④ informal = shake off 2B. intransitive verb past tense shook past participle shaken ① (vibrate, tremble) «hand, person, voice» 颤抖 chàndǒu ;
 «ground, building» 颤动 chàndòng ;
 «grass, leaves» 摇动 yáodòng 
▸ to shake with laughter/fear/fright/cold 笑得/吓得/害怕得/冻得浑身发抖 ② informal (shake hands) 握手 wòshǒu 
▸ to shake on sth;
 为某事握手祝贺 
▸ can we shake on it? 我们可以握手祝贺达成协议了吗？ C. to shake oneself reflexive verb past tense shook past participle shaken 抖动身体 dǒudòng shēntǐ 
▸ he shook himself to try and get the spiders off him 他试图抖落身上的蜘蛛 D. noun ① (act of shaking) 摇动 yáodòng 
▸ with a shake of the or one's head 摇了摇头 
▸ give the bottle a shake before you pour 倒东西之前先摇一摇瓶子 
▸ to have a shake in one's voice 声音有些颤抖 
▸ to have the shakes informal 发抖 
▸ in a shake informal 马上 
▸ in two shakes (of a lamb's tail) informal 马上 
▸ no great shakes informal 不出色 
▸ to be no great shakes (at sth) （在某方面）很一般 
▸ to get/give sb a fair shake US informal 得到公平对待/公平对待某人 ② US (milkshake) 奶昔 nǎixī ③ US (earthquake) 地震 dìzhèn ④ (amount sprinkled) [从容器里] 摇出的东西 yáochū de dōngxi 
▸ add a few shakes of sea salt and black pepper 撒点儿海盐和黑胡椒 PHRASAL VERBS shake down A. intransitive verb ① informal (settle) «machine» 运转正常 yùnzhuǎn zhèngcháng ;
 «person» 适应新环境 shìyìng xīn huánjìng ② (in container) «contents, powder, granules» 变得密实 biàn de mìshi B. [shake sb/sth down, shake down sb/sth] transitive verb ① (cause to fall) 摇落 yáoluò ‹fruit, object›;
 (cause to settle) 摇密实 yáo mìshi ‹contents, powder›② US informal (search) 彻底搜查 chèdǐ sōuchá ‹person, building, club›
▸ the store detective shook him down 那名商场保安搜了他的身 C. [shake sb down, shake down sb] transitive verb US informal (extort money from) 敲诈 qiāozhà shake off transitive verb [shake sb/sth off, shake off sb/sth] ① (let go by shaking) 抖落 dǒuluò 
▸ the boy was clinging to Peter's neck, and Peter was trying to shake him off 男孩抱住彼得的脖子不放，彼得正想法把他甩下来 ② (get rid of, escape from) 摆脱 bǎituō ‹bad mood, habit, tiresome person›
▸ they shook off the car that was tailing them 他们甩掉了尾随他们的汽车 
▸ I can't seem to shake off this flu 我这次感冒好像怎么也好不了 shake out transitive verb [shake sth out, shake out sth] (empty by shaking) 摇出 yáochū ‹coins, contents›
▸ to shake the bag out over the table 把袋子里的东西抖在桌子上 shake up A. [shake sth up, shake up sth] transitive verb ① (mix) 摇松 yáosōng ‹cushion, pillow›;
 摇匀 yáoyún ‹medicine, mixture›② (reorganize) 重组 chóngzǔ ‹company, organization›B. [shake sb up, shake up sb] transitive verb ① (make uncomfortable by jolting) 使…受颠簸 shǐ… shòu diānbǒ ‹passengers›② informal (distress, shock) 震动 zhèndòng ③ informal (rouse to activity) 使振作 shǐ zhènzuò 
▸ they need shaking up! 得让他们振作起来！ 



shape | BrE ʃeɪp, AmE ʃeɪp | A. noun ① (outer form, outline) 形状 xíngzhuàng 
▸ a square/rectangular/triangular shape 正方形/矩形/三角形 
▸ the children were cutting out shapes from paper 孩子们在剪纸 
▸ animal shapes 动物图形零食 
▸ a streamlined shape 流线型 
▸ I'm the wrong shape for this jacket 我的身材不适合穿这件夹克衫 
▸ to carve/cut/mould sth into shape 把某物雕刻/切割/塑造成形 
▸ the bush is losing its shape;
 it needs a good trim 灌木丛杂乱一片，需要好好修剪一下 
▸ to take shape 成形 
▸ (in/of) all shapes and sizes 各式各样的 
▸ in any shape or form 以任何形式 ② (indistinguishable form) 模糊的影像 móhu de yǐngxiàng 
▸ I could only just make out the shape of the building in the morning smog 晨雾中的大楼只能看出个轮廓 ③ (guise) 外表 wàibiǎo 
▸ a fiend or monster in human shape 幻化为人形的妖魔 
▸ help arrived in the shape of a burly policeman 前来帮忙的是一位魁梧的警察 ④ (optimum condition) 状态 zhuàngtài 
▸ to be in/out of shape 状态良好/不佳 
▸ I've got a bit out of shape during the holidays 我在度假期间身体有些不适 
▸ to knock or lick sb/sth into shape 使某人/某事物进入良好状态 ⑤ (character) 特征 tèzhēng ;
 (structure) 结构 jiégòu 
▸ the basic shape of the essay 文章的基本框架 
▸ technological developments which have changed the shape of our lives 改变了我们生活方式的科技发展 
▸ the shape of things to come 未来的状况 ⑥ (mould for jelly, pastry) 模子 múzi ⑦ (moulded food) 成型食品 chéngxíng shípǐn B. transitive verb ① (fashion, mould) 使…成形 shǐ… chéngxíng ‹wood, hair, figure›
▸ use both hands to shape the clay 用双手把黏土捏成形 
▸ rocks that have been shaped by the tide 潮水冲刷成形的岩石 
▸ to shape sth into sth;
 把某物做成某种形状 
▸ to shape sth out of or from sth;
 用某物做出某物 ② (influence, determine) 影响 yǐngxiǎng ‹character, events›;
 决定 juédìng ‹development›③ (tailor) 使合身 shǐ héshēn 
▸ this jacket is shaped at the waist 这件夹克的腰部剪裁很合身 C. intransitive verb informal (progress, develop) «plan, project» 进展 jìnzhǎn 
▸ the way things are shaping, we should be able to come 看目前的情况我们应该能来 PHRASAL VERB shape up intransitive verb informal ① (develop) «plan, project, team» 进展 jìnzhǎn 
▸ the new intake seem to be shaping up quite well 新招的员工看上去适应得不错 
▸ to shape up to be sth 发展成某事物 ② (meet expectations) «person» 称职 chènzhí 
▸ shape up or ship out 表现不好就走人 ③ (improve one's figure) 改善身材 gǎishàn shēncái 



share1 | BrE ʃɛː, AmE ʃɛr | A. noun ① (part owned or allotted) 一份 yī fèn 
▸ here's your share! 这是你那一份！ 
▸ to bear a share in or of sth 承担某事的一部分 
▸ he's already spent his share of the family inheritance 他已经把自己继承的那份家族遗产挥霍光了 
▸ to go shares (on sth) informal 分摊（某物） ② (part contributed) 付出的部分 fùchū de bùfen 
▸ to do one's share 尽一份力 ③ (of company stock) 股份 gǔfèn 
▸ to issue shares 发行股份 
▸ to buy/sell shares 购买/售出股票 
▸ to have or hold shares 持有股份 B. transitive verb ① (use or enjoy together) 共用 gòng yòng ‹room, taxi, bed›
▸ to share sth with sb;
 和某人共用某物 ② (contribute towards) 分担 fēndān ‹cost, chores, responsibility›;
 分享 fēnxiǎng ‹credit, praise›③ (experience in common) 共同感受 gòngtóng gǎnshòu 
▸ we shared each other's sorrows and joys 我们同悲同喜 
▸ they shared an interest in history/cooking/motorbikes 他们都对历史/烹调/摩托车感兴趣 
▸ I don't share your optimism about the future of Europe 我不认同你对欧洲前途的乐观看法 ④ (confide) 透露 tòulù ‹news, thoughts, secret›
▸ to share sth with sb;
 把某事告诉某人 C. intransitive verb (give part) 分担 fēndān ;
 (take part) 参与 cānyù 
▸ to share in the expenses 分担费用 
▸ to share in the work of reconstruction 参与重建工作 
▸ thank you for letting me share in your triumph 谢谢你让我分享你的胜利 
▸ share and share alike 平均分担 PHRASAL VERB share out transitive verb [share sth out, share out sth] 平均分配 píngjūn fēnpèi ‹profits, food, rations, spoils›



shatter | BrE ˈʃatə, AmE ˈʃædər | A. transitive verb ① (break into pieces) «person, object, action» 打碎 dǎsuì ‹window, vase, mirror›② (destroy) 破坏 pòhuài ‹peace, silence, life›;
 损害 sǔnhài ‹career, faith, health›;
 使…破灭 shǐ… pòmiè ‹hopes›;
 损伤 sǔnshāng ‹eardrums, nerves›③ (shock, upset) «event, news» 使…震惊 shǐ… zhènjīng ‹person›④ British informal (exhaust) «work, exertion» 使精疲力竭 shǐ jīng pí lì jié B. intransitive verb «vase, glass» 碎裂 suìliè 
▸ to shatter into pieces or smithereens 破成碎片 



shave | BrE ʃeɪv, AmE ʃeɪv | A. transitive verb ① (remove hair from) 剃…上的毛发 tì… shang de máofà ‹person, face›
▸ to shave one's legs/head 剃腿上的汗毛/剃头 ② (remove with razor) 刮 guā ‹beard›;
 剃 tì ‹hair›③ (graze) «plane, ball» 擦过 cāguo ‹arm, goalpost, treetop›④ (trim) 刨掉 bàodiào ‹surface›
▸ to shave sth off …;
 从…上刨去 ‹wood, fraction›⑤ (reduce) «person, company» 削减 xuējiǎn ‹profits, prices›B. intransitive verb 刮脸 guā liǎn C. noun 刮脸 guā liǎn 
▸ to have a shave 刮脸 guā liǎn 
▸ to give sb a shave 给某人刮脸 
▸ a narrow or close shave 侥幸脱险 PHRASAL VERB shave off transitive verb [shave sth off, shave off sth] ① (remove with razor) 剃掉 tìdiào ‹beard, moustache, hair›② (trim) 刨掉 bàodiào ‹wood›③ (take off) 减少 jiǎnshǎo ‹amount, time, distance›



shear | BrE ʃɪə, AmE ʃɪr | transitive verb ① past participle sheared or shorn (remove fleece, hair from) 剪…的毛 jiǎn… de máo ‹animal, sheep›② past participle sheared or shorn (cut) 剪去 jiǎnqù ‹hair, wool, grass›③ past participle shorn 
▸ (strip, divest) to be shorn of;
 被剥夺 bèi bōduó ‹influence, power, money›PHRASAL VERBS shear off intransitive verb (break off) «metal, handle, key» 折断 zhéduàn shear through transitive verb [shear through sth] 切割 qiēgē ‹wood, metal, bolt›;
 «vessel, ship, shark» 劈开…前进 pīkāi… qiánjìn ‹water›



shed1 | BrE ʃɛd, AmE ʃɛd | noun ① (for storage) 储物棚 chǔwùpéng ;
 (for animals) 牲口棚 shēngkoupéng ② (at factory site, port) 工棚 gōngpéng ;
 (for maintaining vehicles) 修车棚 xiūchēpéng ;
 (for maintaining other machinery) 机修棚 jīxiūpéng 



shine | BrE ʃʌɪn, AmE ʃaɪn | A. intransitive verb past tense, past participle shone ① (emit light) «stars, light, lamp» 发光 fāguāng ;
 «sun, moon» 照耀 zhàoyào 
▸ to shine through sth 透过…照射过来 ‹mist, gloom›
▸ the light is shining in my eyes 亮光照到了我的眼睛 
▸ to shine in/out;
 照进/射出 
▸ to shine up to sb US informal «person» 试图讨好某人 ② (glow) «metal, shoes, hair, eyes» 闪光 shǎnguāng ③ figurative (be radiant) «excitement, goodness, courage» 显露 xiǎnlù ;
 «eyes» 发亮 fāliàng 
▸ to shine out of sth;
 从某物中透出 
▸ her courage shone forth literary 她的勇气表露无遗 
▸ to shine with sth;
 因某事物而放光 
▸ his face shone with exertion 他的脸因为用力而发红 ④ (excel) «person» 表现出色 biǎoxiàn chūsè 
▸ he never shone at school 他的学业成绩从来都不出色 
▸ to get or have a chance to shine 得到出人头地的机会 B. transitive verb ① past tense, past participle shone (direct) 将…照向 jiāng… zhào xiàng ‹searchlight, headlamps, spotlight›
▸ shine your torch over here please 把你的手电往这边照 ② past tense, past participle shined (polish) 将…擦亮 jiāng… cāliàng ‹buttons, silver, furniture›
▸ I shine my shoes every morning 我每天早晨都擦鞋 C. noun uncountable ① (brightness) 光亮 guāngliàng 
▸ the shine of sunlight/moonlight on water 水面上太阳/月亮的闪光 ② (polish) 光泽 guāngzé 
▸ to give sth a shine;
 给…上光 ‹floor, shoes›
▸ to take the shine off sth figurative 使某物黯然失色 
▸ to take a shine to sb figurative informal 喜欢上某人 



shirk | BrE ʃəːk, AmE ʃərk | transitive verb 逃避 táobì ‹work, task, duty, obligation›;
 回避 huíbì ‹problem›
▸ to shirk doing sth;
 逃避做某事 
▸ don't shirk the issue! 不要回避问题！ 



shit | BrE ʃɪt, AmE ʃɪt | vulgar slang A. noun ① uncountable (excrement) 粪便 fènbiàn 
▸ a load of horse shit 一担马粪 
▸ to scare the shit out of sb 把某人吓个半死 
▸ to beat or kick or knock the shit out of sb 把某人打得屁滚尿流 
▸ to be in the shit/to land sb in the shit 处于困境/陷某人于困境 
▸ to not give a shit for or about sb/sth 毫不在乎某人/某事物 
▸ when the shit hits the fan (when trouble starts) 等麻烦开始时 (when things become chaotic) 当事情变得不可收拾时 
▸ no shit? (as response) 这还用说？ ② countable (nasty person) 卑鄙的人 bēibǐ de rén ③ countable (act of defecating) 拉屎 lāshǐ 
▸ to need a shit 要拉屎 
▸ to have a shit 拉屎 lāshǐ ④ shits plural 
▸ (diarrhoea) to have or get the shits 拉肚子 lā dùzi ⑤ uncountable (rubbish, nonsense) 废话 fèihuà 
▸ a piece of shit 废话 fèihuà 
▸ don't give me that shit! 少跟我废话！ 
▸ a load of shit 胡说八道 
▸ you're talking shit 你胡扯 
▸ to be up shit creek (without a paddle) 陷入困境（而无望逃脱） 
▸ if the car breaks down we're really up shit creek 如果车抛锚，我们就惨了 ⑥ uncountable (stuff) 东西 dōngxi 
▸ have you got all your shit ready for the holiday? 你把度假用的东西都准备好了吗？ 
▸ to get (one's) shit together (put one's affairs in order) 处理好自己的事情 (put one's possessions in order) 收拾好自己的东西 ⑦ uncountable (intoxicating drug) 毒品 dúpǐn [尤指大麻] B. intransitive verb present participle shitting past tense, past participle shitted or shit or shat 拉屎 lāshǐ 
▸ to shit on sb figurative 骑在某人头上拉屎 [指恶意对待或不尊重某人] C. to shit oneself reflexive verb present participle shitting past tense, past participle shitted or shit or shat literal 把屎拉在裤子里 bǎ shǐ lā zài kùzi li ;
 (be very afraid) 吓得屁滚尿流 xià de pì gǔn niào liú ;
 (be very excited) 激动万分 jīdòng wànfēn D. transitive verb present participle shitting past tense, past participle shitted or shit or shat 
▸ to be shitting bricks figurative 把屎拉在裤子里 bǎ shǐ lā zài kùzi li E. exclamation 妈的 mā de offensive 
▸ (oh) shit! I've missed the turning 妈的！我开过了转弯处 



shiver1 | BrE ˈʃɪvə, AmE ˈʃɪvər | A. intransitive verb (with cold, fever or emotion) 颤抖 chàndǒu 
▸ to shiver with cold/fever 冷得发抖/因发烧打寒战 
▸ to shiver with fear/excitement/disgust 吓得/激动得/厌恶得发抖 
▸ to shiver at the thought of sth 一想到某事物就发抖 B. noun 颤抖 chàndǒu 
▸ to send a shiver down sb's spine 使某人不寒而栗 
▸ to give a shiver 哆嗦一下 C. the shivers plural noun 寒战 hánzhàn 
▸ an attack of the shivers 一阵寒战 
▸ to give sb the shivers;
 使某人打寒战 figurative 吓得某人发抖 xià de mǒu rén fādǒu 



shock1 | BrE ʃɒk, AmE ʃɑk | A. noun ① uncountable (distress) 震惊 zhènjīng 
▸ numb with shock 惊呆的 
▸ speechless from shock 吃惊得说不出话的 ② countable (thing causing distress) 令人震惊的事物 lìng rén zhènjīng de shìwù 
▸ her sudden death was a terrible shock 她的突然死亡让人震惊 
▸ to give sb a shock 让某人吃一惊 
▸ to come as a shock (to sb) （对某人而言）是个打击 
▸ shocks and upheavals 动荡不安 ③ uncountable (of collision, jolt) 撞击 zhuàngjī ;
 (of earthquake, blast, explosion) 震动 zhèndòng 
▸ the shock of the collision demolished the front of both cars 两辆车的车头都撞毁了 
▸ to withstand a shock 承受冲击 
▸ to absorb shocks 抵消冲击 ④ countable (electric current) 电击 diànjī 
▸ to receive or get a shock 触电 
▸ to give sb a shock 让某人遭电击 ⑤ uncountable Medicine 休克 xiūkè 
▸ to be in a state of shock 处于休克状态 
▸ severe/mild shock 严重/轻度休克 ⑥ countable informal (shock absorber) 消震器 xiāozhènqì B. transitive verb (surprise, distress) «speech, action, behaviour» 使震惊 shǐ zhènjīng ;
 (offend, disgust) 使厌恶 shǐ yànwù 
▸ you can't shock me! I've seen everything! 你吓不着我！我什么没见过！ 
▸ to be shocked at sth 对某事物感到震惊 
▸ I was shocked to hear about your accident 听说你出了事故我很震惊 
▸ to be shocked by sth 因某事物感到震惊 



shoe | BrE ʃuː, AmE ʃu | A. noun ① (footwear) 鞋 xié 
▸ ballet/beach shoes 芭蕾舞鞋/沙滩鞋 
▸ a pair of shoes 一双鞋 
▸ the left/right shoe 左脚/右脚的鞋 
▸ a shoe box/factory/brush/cupboard 鞋盒/鞋厂/鞋刷/鞋柜 
▸ to take one's shoes off, to take off one's shoes 脱鞋 
▸ to put on one's shoes 穿鞋 
▸ to do up or tie or fasten one's shoes 系鞋带 
▸ to undo or untie or unfasten one's shoes 解开鞋带 
▸ to shake or shiver in one's shoes figurative 非常害怕 
▸ to be in sb else's shoes figurative 处于其他某人的境地 
▸ another pair of shoes figurative 另外一回事 
▸ to step into or fill sb's shoes figurative 接替某人的位置 
▸ dead men's shoes figurative (property) 别人死后才能得到的遗产 (position) [因死亡或退休而] 空出的职位 
▸ to wait for dead men's shoes figurative 等着别人空出职位 ② (of horse) 马蹄铁 mǎtítiě ③ Technology (brake shoe) 闸瓦 zháwǎ ;
 (cable shoe) 套管 tàoguǎn ;
 (guiding shoe) 导块 dǎokuài ;
 (track shoe) 跑鞋 pǎoxié B. transitive verb present participle shoeing past tense, past participle shod 给…穿鞋 gěi… chuān xié ‹person›;
 给…钉蹄铁 gěi… dìng títiě ‹horse›
▸ well/poorly/suitably shod 鞋穿得很好的/很差的/很合适的 



shoot | BrE ʃuːt, AmE ʃut | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle shot ① (fire) 射击 shèjī 
▸ to shoot a gun/an arrow 打枪/射箭 
▸ the aircraft shot its missiles at the enemy positions 飞机向敌人阵地发射了导弹 
▸ to shoot it out (with sb) informal （和某人）火拼 
▸ to shoot oneself in the foot figurative informal 无意中坏自己的事 
▸ to shoot the breeze informal 闲聊 ② (kill, wound) 射杀 shè shā 
▸ to go shooting pheasants 去打野鸡 
▸ to shoot sb/sth in the arm/leg/head etc. 射中某人/某动物的胳膊/腿/头等 
▸ he had been shot in the back 他后背中弹 
▸ he was shot as a spy 他被作为间谍枪决了 
▸ to be shot for desertion/cowardice 因开小差/胆小受到严厉惩处 ③ (create by shooting) 开枪打出 kāiqiāng dǎchū 
▸ to shoot one's way into/out of sth 开枪冲入/冲出某处 
▸ the gunman had shot a large hole in the door 枪手在门上射出了一个大洞 ④ (throw or push out) 抛出 pāochū 
▸ the impact had shot the driver out of the car 撞击把司机抛出车外 
▸ the snake shot its tongue out 那条蛇唰的一下伸出了舌头 
▸ the volcano shot lava high into the air 火山把熔岩喷向高空 ⑤ (direct) 急速发出 jísù fāchū ‹accusation, remark›
▸ journalists were shooting questions at the minister 记者们连珠炮般向部长提问 
▸ she shot a smile/glance at him 她向他投去一笑/瞥了他一眼 
▸ 'what do you mean by that?' she shot back “你这话什么意思？”她冷不丁地反问 
▸ to shoot a line British informal 吹牛皮 
▸ to shoot one's mouth off slang (talk indiscreetly) 胡说 (boast, exaggerate) 吹牛皮 ⑥ (photograph) 拍摄 pāishè ‹film, object, scene›
▸ to shoot sb doing sth;
 拍摄某人做某事的画面 
▸ to shoot sth in black and white/colour 用黑白/彩色胶片拍摄某事物 
▸ to shoot sth on location 在外景场地拍摄某事物 ⑦ (pass swiftly over or through) 飞速通过 fēisù tōngguò 
▸ to shoot the rapids 飞速穿过急流 
▸ to shoot the lights 闯红灯 ⑧ (push) 闩 shuān ‹door bolt›
▸ to shoot the bolt home 上好门闩 ⑨ Sport (in golf) 击出…杆 jīchū… gān ;
 (in football) 将…射门 jiāng… shèmén ;
 (in basketball) 将…投篮 jiāng… tóulán 
▸ he shot a 73 他打出了73杆 
▸ to shoot a hole in one 一击入洞 
▸ he shot the ball at the keeper 他把球踢向守门员 ⑩ US informal (play) 玩 wán 
▸ to shoot craps/pool/dice 玩双骰赌博/打落袋台球/掷骰子 ⑪ slang (inject) 注射 zhùshè ‹heroin, cocaine›B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle shot ① (fire a gun) «soldier, marksman, huntsman» 开枪 kāiqiāng ;
 «aircraft, ship» 射击 shèjī 
▸ to shoot at sb/sth;
 向某人/某物射击 
▸ to shoot to kill/wound 开枪射杀/射伤 
▸ to shoot from the hip figurative informal 鲁莽行事 ② (use a gun) «marksman, huntsman» 射击 shèjī 
▸ he enjoys riding, fishing and shooting 他喜欢骑马、钓鱼和射击 
▸ to shoot straight/accurately etc. 打得直/准等 ③ (fire bullets or arrows) 发射 fāshè ④ (move suddenly) 快速移动 kuàisù yídòng 
▸ the car shot past 那辆车飞驰而过 
▸ a meteor shot across the sky 一颗流星划过天空 
▸ the pain shot down or along his arm 他突然感到胳膊一阵疼痛 
▸ to be or get shot of sb/sth informal 摆脱某人/某事物 ⑤ (sprout) «plant, bush, shrub» 发芽 fāyá ⑥ (attempt to score) «player, forward» 射门 shèmén 
▸ to shoot at sth/sb;
 把球射向某处/某人 ⑦ informal (speak out) 说出来 shuō chulai 
▸ if you've got something to tell me, shoot! 如果你有话对我讲，那就说吧！ 
▸ you shoot first 你先说 C. noun ① (of plant) 幼芽 yòuyá ② British (shooting expedition) 狩猎活动 shòuliè huódòng 
▸ a grouse/tiger shoot 打松鸡/打老虎 
▸ to go on a shoot 去狩猎 
▸ the whole (bang) shoot figurative informal 悉数 ③ British (area of land) 狩猎场 shòulièchǎng PHRASAL VERBS shoot away transitive verb [shoot sth away, shoot away sth] 射落 shèluò 
▸ most of the ship's rigging had been shot away in the battle 战斗中船上的索具大多都被枪炮打掉了 shoot down transitive verb [shoot sb/sth down, shoot down sb/sth] 击倒 jīdǎo ;
 figurative 痛斥 tòngchì 
▸ to shoot sb down in cold blood 残忍地枪杀某人 shoot off A. transitive verb [shoot sth off, shoot off sth] ① (sever) 开枪打掉 kāiqiāng dǎdiào 
▸ his arm/foot had been shot off in the war 他的胳膊/脚在战争中被打断了 ② (fire) 鸣 míng ‹gun›;
 发射 fāshè ‹missile›B. intransitive verb informal 马上离开 mǎshàng líkāi 
▸ I must shoot off now 我必须走了 shoot up A. intransitive verb ① (rise up) 向上喷射 xiàng shàng pēnshè 
▸ the flames shot up into the sky 火焰腾空而起 ② (grow rapidly) «plant» 疯长 fēngzhǎng ;
 «child» 迅速长高 xùnsù zhǎnggāo ③ informal (inject drug) 注射毒品 zhùshè dúpǐn B. transitive verb [shoot sth up, shoot up sth] informal 朝…扫射 cháo… sǎoshè ‹car, room›
▸ the gangsters ran into the bar and started to shoot it up 匪徒们冲进酒吧里就是一阵乱射 



shorten | BrE ˈʃɔːt(ə)n, AmE ˈʃɔrtn | A. transitive verb ① (reduce) 截短 jiéduǎn ‹garment, rope, chain›;
 缩短 suōduǎn ‹journey, talk, text›
▸ to shorten a skirt by a few inches 把一条裙子改短几英寸 
▸ to shorten the journey time to two hours 把旅程缩短到两小时 
▸ to shorten the odds 减少几率 ② Nautical «sailor» 收起 shōuqǐ ‹sail›
▸ shorten the sails! 收帆！ ③ Cooking 在…中加起酥油 zài… zhōng jiā qǐsūyóu ‹pastry›B. intransitive verb «days, nights» 变短 biànduǎn 
▸ the odds have shortened considerably 几率大大减少了 



shout | BrE ʃaʊt, AmE ʃaʊt | A. intransitive verb ① (speak at full volume) 大喊 dà hǎn 
▸ to shout at or to or for sb to do sth;
 喊某人做某事 
▸ that's nothing much to shout about! 用不着这么嚷嚷！ 
▸ to shout for help 高声呼救 
▸ to shout for joy/with excitement 高兴/兴奋得大喊大叫 ② (talk angrily) 愤怒地大声嚷嚷 fènnù de dàshēng rāngrang ;
 (scold) 呵斥 hēchì 
▸ to shout at sb;
 呵斥某人 B. transitive verb 高声说出 gāoshēng shuōchū ‹answer, question›;
 大声喊 dàshēng hǎn ‹order, slogan›
▸ people were shouting abuse 人们在破口大骂 
▸ to shout one's head off 拼命喊叫 C. noun ① (loud cry) 喊叫 hǎnjiào 
▸ a shout of protest 抗议的呼声 
▸ shout of excitement 兴奋的叫声 
▸ to give a shout of laughter/pain 发出笑声/痛苦的叫声 
▸ to give sb a shout informal 告诉某人 
▸ give me a shout when you're ready 你准备好了就喊我一声 ② informal (turn to pay for drinks) 轮到买酒水请客 lúndào mǎi jiǔshuǐ qǐngkè 
▸ it's my shout 该我请客 PHRASAL VERBS shout down transitive verb [shout sb down, shout down sb] 压倒…的声音 yādǎo… de shēngyīn ‹speaker›
▸ he tried to finish, but was shouted down by the audience 他想讲完，但观众的呼喊声让他闭了嘴 shout out transitive verb [shout out sth shout sth out.] 大声说出 dàshēng shuōchū ‹answer, question›;
 大声喊 dàshēng hǎn ‹order, slogan›



show | BrE ʃəʊ, AmE ʃoʊ | A. transitive verb past tense showed past participle shown or showed ① (allow or cause to be seen) 出示 chūshì ‹ticket, passport›;
 上映 shàngyìng ‹film›;
 展出 zhǎnchū ‹book, goods›
▸ the photograph shows the position of the house very clearly 这张照片非常清楚地显示了房子的位置 
▸ to show sb sth, to show sth to sb;
 把某物拿给某人看 
▸ the film shows her completely naked 这部电影里有她的全裸镜头 ② (reveal, disclose) 显露 xiǎnlù 
▸ a light colour that shows every mark on the dress 把裙子上的每个污点都暴露无遗的浅颜色 
▸ to show how/what/when etc.;
 显示如何/什么/何时等 
▸ worn hands that show how hard the work is 表明工作辛苦的那双粗糙了的手 
▸ show us what you've been doing 让我们看看你一直在做什么 
▸ to show signs of sth 表现出某事物的迹象 
▸ the leading runners are showing signs of fatigue 领跑的运动员们看上去疲乏了 
▸ to show the symptoms of sth 呈现某疾病的症状 
▸ to show contempt 表现出蔑视 
▸ to show one's face British 露面 lòumiàn ③ (point out, indicate) 指示 zhǐshì 
▸ to show sb sth;
 把某物指给某人看 
▸ can you show me the picture you painted? 指给我看看你画的画好吗？ 
▸ a cross shows where the treasure is buried 十字标出了埋藏宝藏的地方 
▸ to show a loss/profit 显示亏损/赢利 
▸ to show red/green etc. 亮红灯/亮绿灯等 ④ (be visible) 显现 xiǎnxiàn 
▸ his anger showed on his face 他面露怒容 ⑤ 
▸ (be present) to show oneself;
 露面 lòumiàn 
▸ a timid creature that very rarely shows itself 一种很少出来的胆小动物 
▸ to show oneself in public 公开露面 gōngkāi lòumiàn 
▸ she doesn't like showing herself in public 她不喜欢抛头露面 
▸ the sun hasn't shown itself all day 太阳一整天都没有露脸 ⑥ (give, grant) 给予 jǐyǔ ‹respect›;
 表现出 biǎoxiàn chū ‹cruelty, contempt›
▸ show a little consideration for the rest of us! 想着点儿我们大家！ 
▸ you have shown me great kindness 你待我太好了 ⑦ (prove) 表明 biǎomíng 
▸ to show one's gratitude 表示谢意 
▸ he has shown himself (to be) a liar 他的所作所为证明他是个骗子 
▸ to show one's age 显老 
▸ she shows no sign of remorse 她没有丝毫悔过的表现 ⑧ (demonstrate) 证明 zhèngmíng 
▸ overwhelming evidence that clearly showed his guilt/innocence 清楚表明他有罪/无罪的铁证 
▸ to show that …;
 说明… 
▸ to show what/where/how etc.;
 说明什么/何处/如何等 
▸ to show sb that …;
 向某人说明… 
▸ to show sb what/where/how etc.;
 向某人说明什么/何处/如何等 
▸ show me what to do and where to go! 告诉我做什么、去哪里！ 
▸ to show sb what's what informal (explain sth) 把基本原理告诉某人 (show the truth about sth) 让某人知道是怎么回事儿 
▸ to show sth to sb, to show sb sth;
 向某人展示某物 
▸ show me your proof or evidence! 把你的证据拿给我看！ 
▸ to show sb to be sth;
 证明某人是某情况 
▸ to show sth to be true/false/right/wrong 证明某事是真的/假的/正确的/错误的 
▸ as shown on or in or by etc. 如…所示 
▸ as shown in the illustration/on the graph 如插图/图表所示 
▸ to go to show 证明 zhèngmíng 
▸ it (just) goes to show! you can't trust anyone these days! 这下你明白了吧！这个世道谁也不能相信！ 
▸ they don't think I've got a chance, but I'll show them! informal 他们认为我没有机会，我倒要让他们看看！ ⑨ (lead to specified place) 为…引路 wèi… yǐnlù 
▸ to show sb out of the building/off the premises 引领某人离开大楼/离场 
▸ to show the children over the road 带孩子们过马路 
▸ to show sb round the museum/over the castle 带某人参观博物馆/城堡 
▸ allow me to show you out 我来送您 
▸ to show (sb) the way (guide sb to a place) （给某人）指路 (be an example to sb) （为某人）树立榜样 
▸ would you show me the way to the station? 请告诉我去车站怎么走好吗？ B. intransitive verb past tense showed past participle shown or showed ① (be visible) «scar, fear, stain» 显出 xiǎnchū 
▸ stark terror showed in his eyes/on his face 他眼中/脸上露出了极其惊恐的表情 
▸ to show through;
 透出来 
▸ his shirt was so thin that his vest showed through 他的衬衫太薄，都可以看见里面的背心 ② (exhibit) 展出 zhǎnchū 
▸ an artist who is showing at the Tate Gallery 正在泰特美术馆办画展的画家 
▸ to show to advantage or to good effect 鲜明地展示 
▸ what's showing at the Regal? 皇家影院在上映什么片子？ ③ informal (appear) 露面 lòumiàn ④ US Horse racing 获得好名次 huòdé hǎo míngcì C. noun ① (act of making visible) 表现 biǎoxiàn 
▸ a show of generosity 慷慨表示 
▸ without any show of anger/emotion/grief 没有表现出任何愤怒/感情/悲伤 
▸ a show of hands 举手表决 jǔshǒu biǎojué ② (public entertainment) 演出 yǎnchū 
▸ a quiz show 智力竞赛节目 
▸ a variety show 杂耍表演 
▸ to stage or put on a show 演出 yǎnchū 
▸ to go to or do a show 去看演出 ③ (exhibition) 展出 zhǎnchū 
▸ an art show 艺术展览会 
▸ to hold a show 举办展览 ④ (outward appearance) 装出的样子 zhuāngchū de yàngzi 
▸ a show of defiance/friendship/affection 反抗/友好/爱恋的假象 
▸ nothing but or all show 纯属装样子 
▸ to make (a) great show of sth/doing sth 极力装出某样子/做某事的样子 
▸ to be for show 是装点门面的 ⑤ (display) 景象 jǐngxiàng 
▸ to make (a) great show of sth/doing sth 大力展示某事物/高调做某事 
▸ the roses are a splendid show this year 今年的玫瑰花展真是绚烂多彩 ⑥ British informal (effort) 表现 biǎoxiàn 
▸ a bad or poor/good show 很差/很好的表现 
▸ to put up a good show (in sth) （在某方面）表现好 
▸ good show! 真棒！ ⑦ informal (activity, business) 事情 shìqing 
▸ you'll have to ask her, she runs the whole show 你要问她才行，事情都归她管 
▸ let's get the show on the road! informal (start an activity) 我们开始吧！ (start a journey) 我们上路吧！ PHRASAL VERBS show off A. intransitive verb 炫耀 xuànyào B. transitive verb 使显眼 shǐ xiǎnyǎn 
▸ the dress shows off her figure rather well 这件连衣裙衬托出她优美的身材 
▸ the dark background shows off the vase to good effect 暗色的背景把花瓶衬托得很漂亮 
▸ he wanted to show off his new car to us 他想向我们炫耀他的新车 show up A. intransitive verb ① (become visible) 显现 xiǎnxiàn 
▸ the dust on the shelves shows up in the sunlight 搁板上的灰尘在阳光照射下看得一清二楚 ② informal (arrive) 如约赶到 rú yuē gǎndào 
▸ I wonder when he's going to show up 我不知道他什么时候能来 B. [show up sth] transitive verb (make visible) 使显露 shǐ xiǎnlù 
▸ close examination shows up all the faults in the woodwork 仔细观察就可以看出这件木制品的诸多缺陷 C. [to show sb up] transitive verb ① informal (make feel embarrassed) 使难堪 shǐ nánkān 
▸ he got drunk at the party and showed me up 他在聚会上喝醉了，真让我难堪 
▸ to show sb up in front of sb 让某人在某人面前难堪 
▸ he showed me up in front of all my friends 他在我所有朋友面前让我难堪 ② 
▸ to show sb up as or for sth/to be sth (show to be) 表明某人是… biǎomíng mǒu rén shì… 
▸ research has shown him up as or for a fraud 调查表明他是个骗子 
▸ his autobiography shows him up to be immensely ambitious 他的自传表明他雄心勃勃 



shrink | BrE ʃrɪŋk, AmE ʃrɪŋk | A. intransitive verb past tense shrank past participle shrunk or shrunken ① (become smaller) «garment, fabric, forest, area» 缩小 suōxiǎo ;
 «resources, revenue» 减少 jiǎnshǎo ;
 «economy, trade» 萎缩 wěisuō 
▸ to have shrunk to nothing «team, household» 已经解体 ② (recoil) 退缩 tuìsuō 
▸ to shrink from sth;
 从某物处缩回 ③ figurative (avoid) 回避 huíbì 
▸ to shrink from sth;
 回避某物 
▸ to shrink from doing …;
 逃避做… 
▸ he didn't shrink from the task 他没有逃避任务 B. transitive verb past tense shrank past participle shrunk 使…缩小 shǐ… suōxiǎo ‹jeans, jumper›C. noun informal 精神病医生 jīngshénbìng yīshēng PHRASAL VERB shrink back intransitive verb 退缩 tuìsuō 
▸ to shrink back from sth;
 从某物处缩回 
▸ to shrink back in horror 因恐惧而退缩 



吮 shǔn 动 用嘴吸；嘬。吮乳 | 吮血 | 吸吮 用法说明 不读 yǔn。



shut | BrE ʃʌt, AmE ʃət | A. present participle shutting past tense, past participle shut transitive verb ① (close) 关上 guānshang ‹window, drawer›;
 合上 héshang ‹book›;
 闭上 bìshang ‹eyes›;
 关闭 guānbì ‹road, rail line›
▸ come in and shut the door 进来把门关上 
▸ I can't shut this suitcase! 我合不上这个手提箱！ 
▸ shut your mouth or gob or trap or face! informal 闭嘴！ bì zuǐ ！ ② (trap) 夹住 jiāzhù ‹curtain, dress›
▸ to shut sth in a door/window/drawer etc.;
 将某物夹在门/窗/抽屉等里 ③ (stop activity of) 使停止营业 shǐ tíngzhǐ yíngyè 
▸ we shut the shop at 5:30 我们店5点30分关门 B. intransitive verb present participle shutting past tense, past participle shut ① 停止营业 tíngzhǐ yíngyè 
▸ the pub shuts at 11:00 这家酒馆11点打烊 ② 关闭 guānbì 
▸ this window won't shut 这扇窗户关不上 
▸ it shut with a bang or crash 砰的一声关上了 C. adjective ① (closed) 关上的 guānshang de ‹box, lid›;
 合上的 héshang de ‹book, purse›;
 闭上的 bìshang de ‹eyes›
▸ you have to slam the door shut 你要用力才能把门关上 
▸ she sat with her mouth tightly shut 她紧闭着嘴坐着 ② predicative 
▸ (not serving or working) to be shut;
 «shop, pub» 已打烊的 «business» 暂停营业的 zàntíng yíngyè de «factory» 已下班的 yǐ xiàbān de PHRASAL VERBS shut away transitive verb [shut sb/sth away] 把…放好 bǎ… fànghǎo ‹papers, jewellery›;
 隔离 gélí ‹person›shut down A. transitive verb [shut sth down, shut down sth] ① (close temporarily) 使暂停营业 shǐ zàntíng yíngyè ;
 (permanently) 使停业 shǐ tíngyè 
▸ the company has had to shut down many of its retail outlets 该公司不得不关闭很多零售点 ② (cease operation of) 使…停止运转 shǐ… tíngzhǐ yùnzhuǎn ‹machinery, plant›
▸ how long does it take to shut down a nuclear reactor? 让核反应堆停止运行要用多长时间？ B. intransitive verb «machinery, factory» 停止运转 tíngzhǐ yùnzhuǎn ;
 «business» 停止营业 tíngzhǐ yíngyè shut in: transitive verb [shut sb in] 把…关起来 bǎ… guān qilai 
▸ to shut oneself in;
 把自己关在屋里 
▸ she's shut herself in and won't come out! 她把自己关在房间里不肯出来！ shut off: transitive verb ① [shut off sth, shut sth off] (cut supply of) 切断…的供应 qiēduàn… de gōngyìng ‹water, gas, electricity›;
 (to individual appliance) 关掉 guāndiào ‹water, gas, electricity›② 
▸ (isolate) to shut sth/sb off (from …);
 将某物/某人（与…）隔离 jiāng mǒu wù/mǒu rén(yǔ… )gélí 
▸ to shut oneself off (from …);
 把自己封闭起来（不接触…） bǎ zìjǐ fēngbì qilai(bù jiēchù… ) shut out transitive verb [shut sth/sb out, shut out sth/sb] ① (keep out) «person» 把…关在外面 bǎ… guān zài wàimian ;
 «double glazing, barrier» 挡住 dǎngzhù ‹noise, water›② figurative (exclude) 摆脱 bǎituō ‹memory›;
 克制 kèzhì ‹sadness, misery›
▸ to shut sb out;
 把某人排除在外 
▸ she wants to shut him out of her life completely 她想彻底地把他赶出自己的生活 ③ (block out) «trees, curtains, wall» 挡住 dǎngzhù ‹sun, light, view›shut up A. intransitive verb 
▸ informal shut up! 闭嘴！ bì zuǐ ！ 
▸ when he was shown the evidence, he soon shut up 当证据摆在他面前时，他很快便不吭声了 B. [shut sb up] transitive verb ① (silence) 使…住口 shǐ… zhùkǒu ‹person›;
 使…停止发表意见 shǐ… tíngzhǐ fābiǎo yìjiàn ‹critics, journalists›② (imprison) 把…关进监狱 bǎ… guānjìn jiānyù C. [shut up sth, shut sth up] transitive verb 关闭 guānbì ‹house, shop›



sight | BrE sʌɪt, AmE saɪt | A. noun ① uncountable (faculty of seeing) 视力 shìlì 
▸ he's always had good/poor sight 他的视力一向很好/很差 
▸ birds of prey have very keen sight 猛禽视力敏锐 
▸ to lose one's sight 失明 
▸ to regain one's sight 恢复视力 
▸ long/short sight 远视/近视 
▸ a sight test 视力测试 ② uncountable (act of seeing) 看见 kànjian 
▸ love at first sight 一见钟情 
▸ our first sight of the Himalayas 我们第一次看到喜马拉雅山 
▸ at the sight of sth;
 在看到…时 ‹place, luxury, injustice›
▸ he faints at the sight of blood 他晕血 
▸ to catch sight of sb/sth 看到某人/某物 
▸ to lose sight of sb 某人从视线中消失 
▸ to lose sight of sth (stop seeing) 看不见某物 figurative (overlook) 忽略某事物 hūlüè mǒu shìwù 
▸ to know sb by sight 和某人面熟 
▸ at or on sight;
 一看到 
▸ to shoot sb on sight 一发现某人就射杀 
▸ I took a dislike to him on sight 我第一眼看见他就讨厌他 
▸ in the sight of sb, in sb's sight formal 在某人看来 
▸ do what is right in your own sight 做你认为对的事 ③ uncountable and countable (visible, range of vision) 视野 shìyě 
▸ to be in or within (sb's) sight literal «thing, place» 在（某人）视野之内 figurative «victory, freedom» 即将到来 jíjiāng dàolái 
▸ the end of the project is at last in sight 这个项目终于快要完成了 
▸ the war goes on with no end in sight 战争没完没了地持续着 
▸ our goal is in sight 我们的目标就要实现了 
▸ all men are equal in the sight of God 在上帝眼里人人平等 
▸ in the sight of the law 从法律角度看 
▸ to be in or within sight of sth;
 在看得到某物的地方 
▸ to come into sight 进入视野 
▸ the ship came into sight out of the fog 轮船穿过雾霭进入视野 
▸ at last we came in sight of a few houses 我们终于看到了几座房子 
▸ to keep sight of sb, to keep sb in sight 监视某人 
▸ to keep sight of sth, to keep sth in sight 一直看着某物 figurative (remain aware of sth) 一直留意某事物 yīzhí liúyì mǒu shìwù 
▸ to be out of (sb's) sight 从（某人的）视野中消失 
▸ the house was out of sight behind a high wall 房子消失在一堵高墙的后面 
▸ leave any valuables in your car out of sight 车里的贵重物品不要放在明处 
▸ to be out of sight of sth 看不到某物 
▸ to do sth out of sight of sb 背着某人做某事 
▸ to keep or stay out of sight 躲起来 
▸ to keep sb/sth out of sight 将某人/某物藏起来 
▸ get out of my sight! 滚开！ 
▸ not to let sb/sth out of one's sight 盯紧某人/某物 
▸ out of sight, out of mind proverb 眼不见，心不烦 
▸ out of sight informal dated (excellent) 非常出色 
▸ man, it was out of sight! 哇，这东西棒极了！ 
▸ from sight 从视野中 
▸ line of sight 视线 ④ countable (glimpse) 一瞥 yī piē 
▸ to get a sight of or to catch sight of sb/sth 瞥见某人/某物 ⑤ countable (thing seen) 景观 jǐngguān 
▸ a familiar sight 常见的景象 → sore A1⑥ countable informal (repulsive, ridiculous person) 不顺眼的人 bù shùnyǎn de rén ;
 (object) 不顺眼的东西 bù shùnyǎn de dōngxi 
▸ she looked a frightful sight 她看上去真怪 B. sights plural noun ① (places of interest) 名胜 míngshèng 
▸ she offered to show me the sights 她主动提出带我游览名胜 ② (on rifle, telescope) 瞄准具 miáozhǔn jù 
▸ he had me in his sights 他瞄准了我 figurative 他的目光落在我身上 tā de mùguāng luò zài wǒ shēnshang C. transitive verb 看见 kànjian 
▸ let me know when you sight Tower Bridge 你看见塔桥时就告诉我 



signal | BrE ˈsɪɡn(ə)l, AmE ˈsɪɡnəl | A. noun ① (gesture, sound) 信号 xìnhào 
▸ to give or send a signal 发出信号 
▸ a signal to do sth;
 做某事的信号 
▸ the policeman raised his hand as a signal to stop 警察举手示意停车 
▸ the signal for violent protest 强烈抗议的信号 ② (indication) 标志 biāozhì 
▸ the rise in inflation is a clear signal that government policies are not working 通货膨胀率的上升清楚地表明政府的决策不起作用 
▸ a signal of or about sth;
 某事物的标志 
▸ is this white paper a signal of a change in government thinking? 这份白皮书是否标志着政府思路的转变？ 
▸ chest pains can be a warning signal of heart disease 胸部疼痛可能是心脏病的警示信号 ③ Railways 信号灯 xìnhàodēng ④ Radio, Television, Electronics 讯号 xùnhào 
▸ to send/transmit a signal 发出/传输讯号 
▸ to receive or pick up a signal 收到讯号 B. transitive verb present participle etc. signalling signalled British signaling signaled US ① (show by signal) «person, ship» 传达 chuándá ‹intention, message›;
 Sport «referee» 示意 shìyì ‹free kick, penalty›
▸ the yellow light signals ‘proceed with caution’ 黄灯表示“小心前行” 
▸ the referee signalled a foul 裁判示意犯规 
▸ to signal sth to sb;
 向某人示意某事 
▸ to signal to do sth;
 示意做某事 
▸ to signal which/what/where …;
 示意哪一个/什么/哪里… 
▸ you must signal which way you are going to turn 转向前一定要打信号 
▸ to signal right/left 打左转/右转信号 ② figurative (indicate) «situation, decision, attitude» 表明 biǎomíng ‹shift, determination, intention›③ figurative (mark) «event, statement» 标志 biāozhì ‹beginning, stage›C. intransitive verb present participle etc. signalling signalled British signaling signaled US 发信号 fā xìnhào 
▸ he was signalling frantically 他发疯似地比画着 
▸ you didn't signal! Motor Vehicles 你没打转向灯！ 
▸ I signalled for him to bring the bill 我示意他把账单拿来 D. adjective attributive 极大的 jí dà de ‹triumph, failure, disaster›



signify | BrE ˈsɪɡnɪfʌɪ, AmE ˈsɪɡnəˌfaɪ | A. transitive verb ① (indicate) «person, fact, gesture» 表示 biǎoshì ‹approval, displeasure, willingness›② (denote) «sign, dress» 表明 biǎomíng ‹position, loss›;
 «cloud» 预示 yùshì ‹rain, weather›
▸ the symbol signifies a registered trademark 这个符号是注册商标的标志 B. intransitive verb «fact» 要紧 yàojǐn 
▸ it doesn't signify 那无关紧要 



sing | BrE sɪŋ, AmE sɪŋ | A. transitive verb past tense sang past participle sung ① Music (vocalize) 唱 chàng 
▸ to sing a song 唱歌 chànggē 
▸ can you sing the soprano part? 你能唱女高音声部吗？ 
▸ to sing sth to or for sb;
 为某人唱某歌曲 
▸ to sing one's troubles/blues away 借唱歌忘掉烦恼/忧伤 
▸ to sing a different or another tune or song figurative 改弦易辙 
▸ a nightingale was singing its song in the twilight 一只夜莺在暮色中歌唱 ② literary (celebrate in words) «poet, poetry» 颂扬 sòngyáng B. intransitive verb past tense sang past participle sung ① Music (vocalize) 唱歌 chànggē 
▸ to sing in/out of tune 唱歌合调/走调 
▸ to sing like a lark 歌声优美 
▸ to sing from the same hymn or song sheet British figurative informal 对外口径一致 
▸ the birds sing every day at daybreak 鸟儿每天在破晓时分啼鸣 ② (make high-pitched sound) «insect, kettle» 尖叫 jiānjiào 
▸ to make sb's ears sing 使某人耳朵嗡嗡作响 
▸ the wind sang in the treetops 风在树梢间呼啸 
▸ a bullet sang past my ear 一颗子弹从我耳边嗖的一声飞过 ③ informal (act as informer) «criminal» 当线人 dāng xiànrén 
▸ to sing like a canary 向警方和盘托出 ④ 
▸ literary (celebrate in words) «poet, poetry» to sing of sb/sth;
 歌颂某人/某事物 gēsòng mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù C. noun informal ① (act of singing) 歌唱 gēchàng 
▸ to have a sing 唱支歌 ② US (sing-along) 合唱聚会 héchàng jùhuì PHRASAL VERBS sing along intransitive verb 跟着唱 gēnzhe chàng 
▸ he played the piano and we all sang along 他弹钢琴，我们都跟着唱 
▸ to sing along with sb;
 随着某人唱 sing out A. intransitive verb ① «singer, choir» 放声高歌 fàngshēng gāogē ② informal (call out) «person» 叫喊 jiàohǎn ;
 «voice» 高声发出 gāoshēng fāchū 
▸ sing out if you need some more 还需要就喊一声 B. transitive verb [sing out sth, sing sth out] informal 高声说出 gāoshēng shuō chū 
▸ he sang out a greeting 他高声问候 sing up intransitive verb (mainly British) 更大声地唱 gèng dàshēng de chàng 
▸ sing up! 放开嗓门唱！ 



sink | BrE sɪŋk, AmE sɪŋk | A. intransitive verb past tense sank past participle sunk ① (go below surface) «object, submarine, material» 下沉 xiàchén 
▸ to sink to the bottom/below the surface 沉底/沉到水下 
▸ the wheels started to sink in the mud 车轮开始陷入泥里 
▸ the rain sank into the dry ground 雨水渗进了干燥的地面 
▸ my warning hasn't sunk into your thick skull yet, has it? figurative informal 你的笨脑瓜还没明白我的警告，是不是？ 
▸ sink or swim figurative 不自救，必沉沦 
▸ to sink without trace «ship» 消失得无影无踪 figurative «idea, book» 销声匿迹 xiāo shēng nì jì ② (become lower) 倒下 dǎoxia 
▸ to sink to the ground/floor 倒在地上/地板上 
▸ to sink down/back 倒下/仰面倒下 
▸ a shot rang out, and he slowly sank to his knees 一声枪响之后他慢慢跪到了地上 
▸ to sink under the weight of sth literal «container» 在某物的重压下塌陷 figurative «company, person» 被某事物拖垮 bèi mǒu shìwù tuōkuǎ ③ (go below horizon) «sun, moon» 下落 xiàluò 
▸ Venus was sinking below the horizon 金星正缓缓落下地平线 ④ figurative (in strength) «person» 衰弱 shuāiruò ;
 (in volume) «voice» 变低 biàndī ;
 (in value) «currency» 贬值 biǎnzhí 
▸ to sink fast 行将就木 
▸ to sink in value 贬值 biǎnzhí 
▸ to sink in sb's estimation 在某人心目中的地位下降 
▸ my spirits sank 我情绪低落 
▸ to sink into oblivion 逐渐被大家遗忘 
▸ to sink so low (as to do sth) 沉沦至如此地步（以至于做出某事） B. transitive verb past tense sank past participle sunk ① (in the sea) 使…沉没 shǐ… chénmò ‹ship, vessel›② figurative (destroy) 毁掉 huǐdiào ‹hope, chance, project›
▸ to be sunk informal 完蛋 
▸ we'll be absolutely sunk if the train is late 如果火车晚点我们就彻底完了 ③ (lower) 放下 fàngxià ‹cable, pipe›;
 figurative 放低 fàngdī ‹voice›④ (embed) 埋下 máixia ‹stake, pillar›
▸ to sink one's differences 抛开分歧 
▸ to be sunk in despair/thought;
 陷入绝望/沉思中 
▸ the dog sank its teeth into my arm 狗咬了我胳膊一口 
▸ his hands were sunk deep into the pockets of his coat 他的双手深深插在外衣兜中 ⑤ (bore, excavate) 挖掘 wājué ‹shaft, tunnel›
▸ we shall have to sink a well to obtain water 我们只好打井取水了 
▸ to sink a gold mine 开掘金矿 
▸ we shall sink the swimming pool into the ground 我们要在地上挖游泳池 ⑥ Sport «snooker player» 把…击入洞中 bǎ… jīrù dòng zhōng ‹ball›;
 «golfer» 以…击球入洞 yǐ… jī qiú rù dòng ‹shot, putt›
▸ to sink the ball into the middle pocket 击球入中区/入袋 ⑦ British informal (drink) 猛喝 měng hē ‹beer, pint›⑧ Finance 投入 tóurù 
▸ he sank all his savings into the family business 他把自己的积蓄都投到了家族企业 C. noun ① (basin) 洗碗槽 xǐwǎncáo 
▸ a double sink 双水槽 ② (cesspit) 污水坑 wūshuǐkēng 
▸ a sink of iniquity figurative 罪恶的巢穴 ③ before noun British 污秽贫困地区的 wūhuì pínkùn dìqū de ‹estate›
▸ a sink school 渣滓学校 ④ Technology 汇 huì 
▸ a heat sink 热汇 
▸ a carbon sink 碳库 PHRASAL VERB sink in intransitive verb ① (penetrate) «water, lotion» 渗入 shènrù 
▸ rub the cream into your skin and let it sink in 把面霜揉进皮肤让皮肤充分吸收 ② figurative (be understood) «news, facts» 被领会 bèi lǐnghuì 
▸ he read the letter twice before the meaning sank in 他把信读了两遍才搞明白意思 



sip | BrE sɪp, AmE sɪp | A. transitive verb present participle sipping past tense, past participle sipped 小口喝 xiǎo kǒu hē ‹drink, water, juice›B. intransitive verb present participle sipping past tense, past participle sipped 小口喝 xiǎo kǒu hē 
▸ to sip at sth;
 小口喝 xiǎo kǒu hē ‹drink, water, juice›C. noun 一小口 yī xiǎo kǒu 
▸ to have or take a sip (of sth) 抿一小口（某物） 



sit | BrE sɪt, AmE sɪt | present participle sitting past tense, past participle sat A. intransitive verb ① (be seated) 坐 zuò 
▸ to sit at a desk or table 坐在桌旁 
▸ to sit still 坐着一动不动 
▸ to sit at home (all day) （整日）闲坐在家 
▸ sitting and waiting 坐等 
▸ don't just sit there! do something! 别老坐着！做点儿事啊！ 
▸ to sit at sb's feet figurative 是某人的弟子 
▸ to sit on one's hands figurative 袖手旁观 
▸ to sit on one's arse figurative slang 屁都不干 
▸ to sit tight (remain in place) 守在原地 figurative (refrain from taking action) 静观事态发展 jìngguān shìtài fāzhǎn 
▸ to be sitting pretty 处于极为有利的地位 ② (pose) [为画像等] 摆好坐姿 bǎihǎo zuòzhī 
▸ to sit for sb;
 摆好姿势让某人画 ③ (meet) «committee, parliament, board of directors» 开会 kāihuì ④ (hold office) 任职 rènzhí 
▸ he sits in the House of Commons/in Congress 他在下议院/国会担任议员 
▸ to sit for …;
 «MP» 担任…的议员 ‹constituency›
▸ to sit as …;
 担任…职务 ‹judge, magistrate›⑤ (on hindquarters) «dog, animal» 蹲坐 dūnzuò ⑥ (perch) 栖息 qīxī 
▸ to sit on …;
 «bird» 栖息在…上 ‹tree, fence›⑦ (on nest) «bird» 孵蛋 fū dàn ⑧ (fit) «clothes, suit» 合身 héshēn ;
 figurative «fame, prosperity» 影响 yǐngxiǎng 
▸ to sit well/badly/loosely 合身/不合身/很宽松 
▸ those trousers sit very nicely on you 你穿这条裤子很合身 
▸ greatness sits lightly on him 他对名声地位看得很淡 ⑨ (lie, be) «building» 位于 wèiyú ;
 «object» 搁置 gēzhì 
▸ the little farmhouse sits in a fold between two hills 小农舍位于两座小山之间的山坳处 
▸ the letter was sitting unopened on his desk 那封信就放在他的写字台上没有拆开 
▸ to sit on sb's tail figurative 紧随某人的车尾 
▸ to sit (heavy or heavily) on the or one's stomach «food» 难消化 
▸ his crime sat heavy on his conscience 他的罪行成了压在他良心上的沉重负担 ⑩ 
▸ to sit with sth (be harmonious with) 为…所接受 wéi… suǒ jiēshòu 
▸ his shyness does not sit easily with Hollywood tradition 他的羞怯不太符合好莱坞的传统 ⑪ British School, University 参加考试 cānjiā kǎoshì 
▸ to sit for sth;
 参加 cānjiā ‹exam›
▸ to sit for the Bar Law 参加律师考试 B. transitive verb ① (put) 使坐下 shǐ zuòxia 
▸ I sat the baby on my lap 我把宝宝放在腿上坐着 
▸ she sat him by the fire 她让他坐在炉火边 ② (be candidate for) 参加 cānjiā ‹exam, test›③ (accommodate) «table, bench» 可坐下 kě zuòxia ;
 «auditorium, building» 能容纳 néng róngnà 
▸ how many does the sofa sit? 这个沙发能坐几个人？ C. to sit oneself reflexive verb 坐下 zuòxia 
▸ he sat himself at the table/desk 他在桌边/写字台边坐下了 tā zài zhuō bian/xiězìtái biān zuòxia le PHRASAL VERBS sit around, sit about intransitive verb 无所事事地闲坐 wú suǒ shì shì de xián zuò 
▸ to sit around waiting 坐着干等 sit back intransitive verb ① (lean back) 仰靠着坐 yǎngkàozhe zuò 
▸ to sit back on one's heels 蜷腿仰靠坐着 ② (relax) 休息 xiūxi 
▸ it's time to sit back and listen to some soothing music 现在应该放松下来听一些舒缓的音乐 sit by intransitive verb 坐视不管 zuòshì bù guǎn sit down A. intransitive verb 坐下 zuòxia 
▸ wait till they're all sitting down 等到他们都坐好 
▸ please sit down 请坐下 
▸ to sit down to a meal 坐下来吃饭 
▸ to sit down and do sth 坐下来做某事 
▸ we must sit down together and settle our differences 我们必须一起坐下来解决我们之间的分歧 B. transitive verb [sit sb down] 让…坐下 ràng… zuòxia 
▸ they sat him down and gave him a drink 他们让他坐下，然后递给他一杯饮料 C. to sit oneself down reflexive verb 坐下 zuòxia 
▸ get a chair/come in and sit yourself down 拿把椅子/进来坐下吧 ná bǎ yǐzi/jìnlai zuòxia ba sit in intransitive verb ① (as protest) «students, workers» 静坐抗议 jìngzuò kàngyì ② 
▸ to sit in on sth (as observer) 旁听 ‹class› 列席 lièxí ‹meeting›③ 
▸ to sit in for sb (be substitute for) 临时代替某人 línshí dàitì mǒu rén sit on transitive verb [sit on sth] ① (be member of) 是…的成员 shì… de chéngyuán ‹jury, board, committee›
▸ he has been invited to sit on the committee 他受邀担任委员会委员 ② informal (not deal with) 搁置 gēzhì ‹piece of work, document›③ informal (suppress) 不发布 bù fābù ‹report, news›
▸ I want this story sat on 我要求把这件事压下来 sit out A. intransitive verb 坐在外面 zuò zài wàimian 
▸ to sit out in the garden 坐在花园里 B. transitive verb [sit sth out, sit out sth] ① (stay to end of) 坚持看完 jiānchí kànwán ‹performance, play›② (not take part in) 坐在一旁不参加 zuò zài yīpáng bù cānjiā ‹game, dance›
▸ I think I'll sit out the tango 我不想跳探戈舞 ③ (wait for end of) 熬到…结束 áodào… jiéshù ‹storm, air raid›;
 figurative 对…坐视不管 duì… zuòshì bù guǎn ‹crisis, war›sit through transitive verb [sit through sth] 耐着性子看完 nàizhe xìngzi kànwán ‹performance, ceremony›;
 耐着性子听完 nàizhe xìngzi tīngwán ‹lecture›sit up A. intransitive verb ① (raise oneself upright) 坐直 zuòzhí 
▸ take your elbows off the table and sit up! 把胳膊肘从桌子上放下来，坐直！ 
▸ the invalid was sitting up reading 那位病人坐起来看书了 
▸ to sit up straight 坐直 zuòzhí 
▸ to make sb sit up (and take notice) figurative informal 使某人警觉起来（开始关注） ② (stay up late) 熬夜 áoyè 
▸ to sit up doing sth;
 熬夜做某事 
▸ to sit up with sb;
 熬夜照顾某人 B. transitive verb [sit sb/sth up, sit up sb/sth] 使坐起来 shǐ zuò qilai 
▸ the little girl sat her doll up in the pram 小姑娘让她的洋娃娃坐在婴儿车里 



ski | BrE skiː, AmE ski | A. noun ① (for snow) 滑雪板 huáxuěbǎn 
▸ cross-country skis 越野滑雪板 
▸ a ski suit 滑雪服 huáxuěfú ② (for water) 滑水橇 huáshuǐqiāo ③ (on aircraft) 滑橇 huáqiāo B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle ski'd or skied 滑雪 huáxuě 



skid | BrE skɪd, AmE skɪd | A. intransitive verb present participle skidding past tense, past participle skidded «person, car, lorry, driver» 打滑 dǎhuá 
▸ to skid into a wall/off the road 打滑撞到墙上/滑出路面 
▸ to skid to a halt 滑行一段后停下来 B. noun ① (slide) 打滑 dǎhuá 
▸ to go or get into a skid 打滑 dǎhuá 
▸ to be on/hit the skids 每况愈下/开始衰落 ② (runner) 滑橇 huáqiāo 
▸ to put the skids under sb/sth 加速某人的失败/某事的衰败 



slam | BrE slam, AmE slæm | A. transitive verb present participle slamming past tense, past participle slammed ① (shut loudly) 砰的一声关上 pēng de yī shēng guānshang 
▸ to slam sth shut 砰的一声关上 pēng de yī shēng guānshang ‹door, window› 啪的一声合上 pā de yī shēng héshang ‹book› 砰的一声盖上 pēng de yī shēng gàishang ‹lid›
▸ to slam the door in sb's face 砰的一声把某人关在门外 figurative 拒绝某人 jùjué mǒu rén ② (thrust, strike) 使劲扔 shǐjìn rēng 
▸ to slam sth on (to) sth;
 把某物摔到某物上 
▸ he slammed his fist on the table 他一拳砸在桌子上 
▸ to slam sth through sth;
 用某物打穿某物 
▸ to slam sb against a wall/door;
 把某人往墙上/门上撞 
▸ to slam the ball into the net 把球射入网中 ③ informal (criticize) 猛烈抨击 měngliè pēngjī 
▸ to slam sb/sth for sth/doing sth;
 因某事物/做某事而激烈抨击某人/某事物 
▸ to slam a speech for going on too long 因发言冗长而对之猛批 
▸ to slam sb/sth as incompetent/useless 劈头盖脸地骂某人无能/疾言厉色地指斥某事物无用 
▸ to be slammed as a dictator 被骂是独裁者 
▸ to be slammed by the media/one's rivals 受到媒体/对手的猛烈抨击 ④ informal (defeat) 轻松击败 qīngsōng jībài ‹opponent›B. intransitive verb present participle slamming past tense, past participle slammed ① 
▸ (shut loudly) to slam (shut) 砰的一声关上 pēng de yī shēng guānshang 
▸ to slam against sth 砰地合到某物上 pēng de hédào mǒu wù shang ② (rush violently) 猛冲 měng chōng 
▸ to slam out of the room 冲出房间 ③ 
▸ informal (crash) to slam into sb/sth;
 «vehicle» 猛撞某人/某物 «boxer» 猛击某人/某物 měng jī mǒu rén/mǒu wù ④ 
▸ informal (criticize) to slam into sb/sth;
 猛烈抨击某人/某事物 měngliè pēngjī mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù 
▸ his father slammed into him 他父亲狠狠训斥了他 C. noun ① (bang) 砰的一声 pēng de yī shēng ② US informal (jail) 监狱 jiānyù ③ (at bridge, whist) 满贯 mǎnguàn 
▸ a grand/little or small slam 大/小满贯 
▸ to bid/make a slam 叫/得满贯 PHRASAL VERBS slam down A. transitive verb [slam sth down, slam down sth] 猛摔 měng shuāi ‹glass, coins›;
 猛地盖上 měng de gàishang ‹lid, car bonnet›;
 猛地合上 měng de héshàng ‹book›
▸ to slam sth down on (to) sth;
 把某物猛摔在某物上 B. intransitive verb «lid» 猛地落下 měng de luòxia 
▸ to slam down on (to) sth;
 砸在某物上 slam on transitive verb 
▸ informal to slam on the or one's brakes 猛踩刹车 měng cǎi shāchē 



slay | BrE sleɪ, AmE sleɪ | transitive verb ① past tense slew past participle slain (kill) 杀死 shāsǐ ‹person, animal›
▸ to be slain in battle 在战斗中被杀 ② past tense, past participle slayed informal (impress) «act, performance» 深深打动 shēnshēn dǎdòng ;
 (amuse) «act, performance» 逗乐 dòulè 



sleep | BrE sliːp, AmE slip | A. intransitive verb past tense, past participle slept ① (be asleep) 睡着 shuìzháo 
▸ to sleep well/badly 睡得好/没睡好 
▸ to sleep deeply or soundly 熟睡 
▸ to sleep lightly/fitfully 睡得很浅/时睡时醒 
▸ to sleep (for) eight hours/round the clock 睡8个小时/12小时 
▸ sleep tight! 睡个好觉！ 
▸ to sleep like a log or top or baby informal 睡得很香 
▸ a city that never sleeps figurative 不夜城 ② (stay overnight) 过夜 guòyè 
▸ where did you sleep last night? 昨晚你在哪里过的夜？ 
▸ to sleep in sth 在…上过夜 ‹bed, hammock› 在…里过夜 zài… li guòyè ‹car›
▸ his bed has not been slept in 他的床没人睡过 
▸ to sleep on sth 在…上过夜 ‹sofa, train›
▸ to sleep at sb's house/the station 在某人家里/车站过夜 
▸ to sleep together informal euphemistic 睡在一起 euphemistic 
▸ to sleep with sb informal euphemistic 和某人睡觉 euphemistic ③ euphemistic (be at peace in death) 安息 ānxī 
▸ he/she sleeps in Holywell Cemetery 他/她安息在霍利韦尔墓地 B. transitive verb past tense, past participle slept 可供…住宿 kě gōng… zhùsù ‹number of people›
▸ how many people can you sleep? 你这里可住多少人？ 
▸ to (comfortably) sleep six 能（舒舒服服地）睡下6个人 
▸ ‘accommodation, sleeps 6’ “提供住宿，有6张床位” C. noun ① uncountable and countable (state) 睡眠 shuìmián ;
 (period) 睡眠时间 shuìmián shíjiān 
▸ to go (back) or get (back) to sleep （又）睡着 
▸ to go to sleep figurative «arm, leg» 发麻 
▸ to get or have enough/a good night's sleep 睡足/一夜安睡 
▸ to have a sleep British or get some sleep 睡一会儿 
▸ to not get any or a wink of sleep all night 一夜没合眼 
▸ not enough sleep, (a) lack of sleep 睡眠不足 
▸ deep or heavy or sound/peaceful or restful sleep 熟睡/安睡 
▸ light/fitful sleep 浅睡/时睡时醒 
▸ a long/short sleep 久睡/小睡 
▸ to send or put sb to sleep «heat, tablet» 使某人入睡 figurative «speech» 让人感到无聊透顶 ràng rén gǎndào wúliáo tòudǐng 
▸ to sing/rock sb to sleep 唱歌/摇晃着哄某人入睡 
▸ to read oneself to sleep 看书看得睡着 
▸ to talk/walk in one's sleep 说梦话/梦游 
▸ to cry oneself to sleep 哭到睡着 
▸ not to lose sleep over sth, to lose no sleep over sth figurative 不大为某事物操心 
▸ to be able to do sth in one's sleep informal 闭着眼睛都能做某事 ② uncountable euphemistic (death) 安息 ānxī 
▸ the big sleep 长眠 
▸ to put an animal to sleep [通过注射药物] 无痛苦地杀死动物 ③ uncountable (in eyes) 眼屎 yǎnshǐ PHRASAL VERBS sleep around intransitive verb informal 乱搞男女关系 luàn gǎo nánnǚ guānxì sleep in intransitive verb (lie in) 睡懒觉 shuì lǎnjiào ;
 (oversleep) 睡过头 shuì guòtóu sleep off transitive verb [sleep sth off, sleep off sth] 靠睡觉消除 kào shuìjiào xiāochú ‹headache, jet lag, hangover›
▸ to sleep it off informal 睡一觉恢复过来 sleep on transitive verb [sleep on sth] informal 把…留到第二天解决 bǎ… liúdào dì-èr tiān jiějué ‹problem›;
 把…留到第二天再作 bǎ… liúdào dì-èr tiān zài zuò ‹decision›
▸ maybe you should sleep on it first 也许你应该把它留到明天再说 sleep over intransitive verb 在别人家过夜 zài biérén jiā guòyè 
▸ to sleep over at sb's house or with sb 在某人家过夜 
▸ he's sleeping over at my house tonight 今晚他住我家 sleep through: A. transitive verb [sleep through sth] 
▸ to sleep (right) through the noise/storm;
 没有被噪声/暴风雨吵醒 méiyǒu bèi zàoshēng/bàofēngyǔ chǎoxǐng 
▸ to sleep through a film/speech 电影放映时/演讲时从头睡到尾 
▸ she sleeps through anything! 什么声都吵不醒她！ B. intransitive verb 
▸ to sleep through until noon/the middle of the afternoon;
 一直睡到中午/半下午 yīzhí shuìdào zhōngwǔ/bàn xiàwǔ 



slide | BrE slʌɪd, AmE slaɪd | A. intransitive verb past tense, past participle slid | slɪd | ① (glide, move smoothly) 滑行 huáxíng 
▸ to slide down sth 顺着…滑下 ‹banisters, rope›
▸ to slide down the bank into the water 从岸上滑入水中 
▸ to slide along sth 沿着…滑动 ‹rail, ice›
▸ to slide around or British about (on sth) （在某物上）四处滑动 
▸ to slide by or past «toboggan» 滑过 figurative «time» 流逝 liúshì 
▸ to slide open/shut/open and shut 徐徐打开/关闭/开合 
▸ to slide up/down/up and down 滑上/滑下/滑上滑下 
▸ to slide in/out/in and out 滑进/滑出/滑进滑出 ② (slip accidentally) 打滑 dǎhuá 
▸ to slide off 滑落 
▸ to slide off sth 从…上滑下来 ‹shelf, roof›
▸ to slide off the road «car» 滑出路面 
▸ to slide into sth 打滑撞上 ‹wall, bank›
▸ to slide on the floor/ice 在地板上/冰上打滑 ③ (slip quietly) 溜 liū 
▸ to slide away/out 悄悄溜走/溜出去 
▸ to slide out of/into the room 悄悄溜出/溜进房间 
▸ to slide into the driver's seat 悄悄溜到驾驶座上 
▸ to slide towards sth 悄悄靠近某物 
▸ to slide over an issue 回避问题 ④ figurative (decline) 降低 jiàngdī 
▸ to slide (downwards) «price, value» 下跌 «shares, currency» 贬值 biǎnzhí 
▸ to slide to a new low 降到新低 
▸ to slide into/towards sth 陷入/逐渐衰落到 ‹bankruptcy, recession, anarchy›
▸ to slide into bad habits 渐渐染上坏习惯 
▸ to let sth slide informal 放任某事物衰退 
▸ to let things slide informal 得过且过 B. transitive verb past tense, past participle slid | slɪd | ① (move smoothly) 使滑行 shǐ huáxíng 
▸ to slide sth out of/into/across/over sth;
 把某物从某物中抽出来/滑入某物中/滑过某物/滑到某物上方 
▸ to slide a sword out of its scabbard 拔剑出鞘 
▸ to slide a boat into the water 把小船滑到水中 
▸ to slide sth on/off 把…滑动着盖上/打开 ‹lid›
▸ to slide the cover over the hatch 把舱盖推合到舱口 
▸ to slide sth shut/open 把…徐徐推上/推开 ‹door, window›
▸ to slide sth back/forward 把…往后推 ‹seat, hatch, sunroof›
▸ to slide back the bolt 上保险栓 ② (slip quietly) 悄悄移动 qiāoqiāo yídòng 
▸ to slide sth into/under sth;
 把某物悄悄放进某物/塞到某物下 C. noun ① (in playground) 滑梯 huátī ;
 (for swimmers) 滑道 huádào ;
 (on ice, in mud) 滑行面 huáxíngmiàn 
▸ an escape slide 逃生滑梯 
▸ to go down a slide (into sth) 顺着滑道滑（入某物） 
▸ the frozen brook is a good slide 冻结的小河很适合溜冰 ② singular (act of sliding) 滑行 huáxíng 
▸ to have a slide on sth 在某物上滑行 
▸ to go into a slide «vehicle» 打起滑来 
▸ to have a slide on the ice «child» 在冰面上溜冰 ③ Photography 幻灯片 huàndēngpiàn 
▸ colour slides 彩色幻灯片 
▸ to be on slide(s) 映现在幻灯片里 ④ (microscope plate) 载玻片 zàibōpiàn ⑤ figurative (decline) 下降 xiàjiàng 
▸ a slide in sth …的下跌 ‹price, value›
▸ a slide into sth;
 陷入…状况 ‹poverty, war›
▸ to be on the slide «price, value» 逐步下跌 «economy» 日益衰退 rìyì shuāituì ⑥ British = hairslide⑦ Music (slur) 滑音 huáyīn ⑧ Music (on instrument) 滑管 huáguǎn ⑨ Mechanics 滑块 huákuài 



slim | BrE slɪm, AmE slɪm | A. adjective ① (slender) 苗条的 miáotiao de ‹person, figure›;
 纤细的 xiānxì de ‹ankle, wrist, leg›;
 薄的 báo de ‹book›
▸ a slim volume of poems 薄薄的诗集 ② (slight) 些许的 xiēxǔ de ‹prospects, expectations›
▸ a slim hope of sth/of doing sth 某事物/做某事的一线希望 
▸ the slimmest of evidence 极薄弱的证据 B. intransitive verb present participle slimming past tense, past participle slimmed British 减肥 jiǎnféi PHRASAL VERB slim down A. intransitive verb «person» 减肥 jiǎnféi B. transitive verb [slim down sth, slim sth down] 压缩 yāsuō ‹budget›;
 精简 jīngjiǎn ‹business›;
 减少 jiǎnshǎo ‹portfolio›



sling | BrE slɪŋ, AmE slɪŋ | A. noun ① (catapult) 投石器 tóushíqì ;
 (slingshot) 弹弓 dàngōng 
▸ slings and arrows 命运的矢石 [指厄运] ② Medicine 吊腕带 diàowàndài 
▸ to have one's arm in a sling 用悬带吊着胳膊 ③ (support for load) 吊索 diàosuǒ ④ (for baby) 吊兜 diàodōu 
▸ to carry a baby in a sling 用吊兜背婴儿 ⑤ (for climbing) 钩悬带 gōuxuándài B. transitive verb past tense, past participle slung ① (mainly British) informal (throw) 扔 rēng 
▸ to sling sth at sb/sth;
 把某物投向某人/某物 
▸ to sling sth into/on (to)/out of/over sth;
 把某物扔到某物中/上面/外/上方 
▸ to sling sth over the chair/one's shoulder 把…搭在椅子上/挎在肩上 ‹coat, bag›
▸ to sling sth round or around one's neck 把…搭在脖子上 ‹shawl, sweater›
▸ to sling a few things into a bag 往包里丢几样东西 
▸ to sling mud or insults (at sb) 玷污（某人的）名声 ② (hang, carry) 吊挂 diàoguà ‹load, hammock›
▸ to sling sth from sth;
 把某物挂在…上 ‹hook, beam›
▸ to sling sth between two trees/poles;
 把某物挂在两棵树/两个杆子之间 
▸ to sling sth over sth;
 把某物搭在…上 ‹chair, handlebars›
▸ to sling sth around one's shoulders 把某物搭在肩上 
▸ to sling sth across or over one's shoulder 把某物挎在肩上 
▸ to sling sth on one's back 背起某物 PHRASAL VERBS sling away transitive verb [sling sth away, sling away sth] British informal 扔掉 rēngdiào sling on transitive verb [sling sth on, sling on sth] British informal 匆匆穿上 cōngcōng chuānshang ‹clothes›sling out: transitive verb British informal ① [sling sth out, sling out sth] (throw away) 扔掉 rēngdiào ② [sling sth out, sling out sth] (reject) 拒绝接受 jùjué jiēshòu 
▸ the proposal/amendment/plan was slung out 方案/修订/计划被否决了 ③ [sling sb out, sling out sb] (eject) 赶走 gǎnzǒu 
▸ to sling sb out of a bar/club;
 把某人轰出酒吧/俱乐部 sling over transitive verb [sling sth over, sling over sth] British informal 把…扔过来 bǎ… rēng guolai 



slink | BrE slɪŋk, AmE slɪŋk | intransitive verb past tense, past participle slunk ① (move stealthily) 偷偷摸摸地走 tōutōumōmō de zǒu 
▸ to slink out (of sth) 溜出（某处） ② informal (move seductively) 风情万种地走 fēngqíng wàn zhòng de zǒu 



slip | BrE slɪp, AmE slɪp | A. present participle slipping past tense, past participle slipped intransitive verb ① (lose footing) «person, animal» 滑倒 huádǎo ;
 «foot, vehicle» 打滑 dǎhuá 
▸ to slip in/on sth;
 在某物中/上滑倒 
▸ to slip on a banana skin literal 踩到香蕉皮滑倒 (difficulty) 遭遇挫败 zāoyù cuòbài (embarrassment) 遭遇尴尬 zāoyù gāngà 
▸ to slip down sth;
 滑下 ‹slope, stairs›② (slide accidentally) 滑动 huádòng 
▸ the knife slipped and cut my cheek 剃刀一滑割伤了我的面颊 ③ (fail to grip) «clutch, brake» 没挂上 méi guàshang ;
 «rope, knot, catch» 松脱 sōngtuō 
▸ to slip on sth 在…上滑行 ‹rail, surface›
▸ to slip off the hook «rope» 从钩子上掉下来 
▸ to let one's control slip 失控 ④ (slide easily) 轻快地滑动 qīngkuài de huádòng 
▸ to slip down sth 轻快地滑下 ‹rope, ladder›
▸ to slip past/across sth 轻快地从某物边/上滑过 
▸ to slip along the bench 顺着长凳滑溜 
▸ to slip through the water «boat» 掠过水面 
▸ to slip into place or position «piece» 滑到位 
▸ to slip into sleep/a coma/debt 睡着/陷入昏迷/开始负债 
▸ to slip into bad habits 染上恶习 
▸ to slip behind schedule 落后于进度安排 ⑤ (move quietly) 悄悄移动 qiāoqiāo yídòng 
▸ to slip (unnoticed) （趁人不注意）偷偷溜走 
▸ to slip over or across;
 悄悄越过 ‹border› 悄悄翻过 qiāoqiāo fānguo ‹mountains› 悄悄渡过 qiāoqiāo dùguo ‹river›
▸ to slip through sth;
 悄悄穿过 ‹lines, checkpoint›
▸ to slip into/out of sth;
 溜进/溜出某处 
▸ to slip into bed 悄悄上床 
▸ to slip into port «ship» 悄然进港 
▸ several errors have slipped into the text 文中不经意出现了几处错误 ⑥ (fall, escape) «person, animal» 逃脱 táotuō ;
 «object» 滑落 huáluò 
▸ to slip from or out of sth;
 从…中滑落 ‹hand› 从…中逃脱 cóng… zhōng táotuō ‹grasp›
▸ to slip through sth;
 从…间滑落 ‹fingers›
▸ to let happiness slip through one's fingers 让幸福从指缝间溜掉 
▸ to slip free 挣脱 zhèngtuō 
▸ to let sth slip (miss) 错过 ‹chance› (reveal) 走漏 zǒulòu ‹information›
▸ he let (it) slip that … 他不小心说出… ⑦ 
▸ to slip into/out of sth (put on/take off) 穿上/脱下 chuānshang/tuōxia ‹clothes, shoes›
▸ to slip into something more comfortable 套上件更舒服的衣服 ⑧ figurative (drop) «standard, popularity» 降低 jiàngdī ;
 «person, team» 降级 jiàngjí ;
 Finance «shares» 下跌 xiàdiē 
▸ to slip to third place/37p 降到第三名/跌到37便士 
▸ to be slipping informal 退步 B. transitive verb present participle slipping past tense, past participle slipped ① (put unobtrusively) 悄悄放 qiāoqiāo fàng ‹object, hand›;
 figurative 插入 chārù ‹joke, question›
▸ to slip sth into sth;
 把某物放入某物中 
▸ I slipped the money into his pocket 我把钱悄悄塞进他口袋里 
▸ to slip a car into gear 给车挂挡 
▸ to slip sth into place 把某物放到位 
▸ an additional clause had been slipped into the contract 合同里增添了附加条款 
▸ to slip sth through sth;
 通过…塞入某物 ‹opening, gap›
▸ she slipped her arm through mine 她挽住了我的胳膊 ② (give unobtrusively) 悄悄给 qiāoqiāo gěi 
▸ to slip sb sth, to slip sth to sb;
 把某物塞给某人 
▸ I'll get you to the front of the queue if you want to slip me a fiver 你给我5英镑，我就让你加塞儿到队伍前面 ③ 
▸ (put on or take off) to slip sth on/off;
 穿上/脱下 chuānshang/tuōxia ‹garment, shoe› 戴上/摘下 dàishang/zhāixia ‹ring, gloves, handcuffs›
▸ to slip sth on (to) one's finger/wrist 把某物套在手指/手腕上 
▸ to slip sandals on one's feet 匆匆穿上便鞋 
▸ to slip sth over one's head 把某物套在头上 
▸ to slip sth round one's shoulders/neck;
 把某物披在肩上/围在脖子上 ④ (release) 解开 jiěkāi ‹knot›
▸ to slip a (dog's) leash 解开（拴狗的）皮带 
▸ to slip a dog off its leash 解开皮带放开狗 ⑤ (escape from) «animal» 挣脱 zhèngtuō ‹collar›;
 «ship» 使…松脱 shǐ… sōngtuō ‹moorings›;
 «balloon» 从…上松脱 cóng… shang sōngtuō ‹rope›;
 figurative «matter» 没有引起 méiyǒu yǐnqǐ ‹attention›
▸ to slip anchor 弃锚起航 
▸ to slip one's mind or memory 被遗忘 
▸ it quite slipped my mind that … 我都忘了… ⑥ 
▸ (in knitting) to slip a stitch 跳针 tiào zhēn 
▸ knit one, slip one 织一针，跳一针 zhī yī zhēn ， tiào yī zhēn ⑦ 
▸ Medicine to slip a disc 椎间盘突出 zhuījiānpán tūchū ⑧ 
▸ Motor Vehicles to slip the clutch 滑挡 huádǎng C. noun ① countable usually singular (act of sliding) 滑倒 huádǎo 
▸ a slip on sth 在…上的滑倒 ‹ice›
▸ to give sb the slip (avoid) 避开某人 (escape) 甩掉某人 ② countable (error) 差错 chācuò 
▸ a slip in sth …中的差错 ‹calculation›
▸ to make a slip 出错 
▸ a slip of the pen/tongue 笔误/口误 
▸ one slip and you're out 你只要犯一次错就走人 
▸ there's many a slip 'twixt cup and lip proverb 杯子到口，还会失手 ③ countable (reduction) (in level, standard) 下降 xiàjiàng ④ countable Clothing (undergarment) 衬裙 chènqún ;
 School (gymslip) 体操衫 tǐcāoshān ⑤ countable (pillow cover) 枕套 zhěntào ⑥ countable (piece of paper) 纸片 zhǐpiàn ;
 (notice) 通知单 tōngzhīdān 
▸ a slip of paper 一片纸 
▸ a credit card slip 信用卡交易签账单 
▸ an advice slip (for salary) 薪金收据 (for payment made) 付款收据 
▸ a salary or pay slip 工资单 ⑦ uncountable (clay) 泥釉 níyòu ⑧ countable (in cricket) (position) 防守位置 fángshǒu wèizhi ;
 (fielder) 守场员 shǒuchǎngyuán 
▸ to be or field (at) (first/second) slip 打（第一/第二）防守位置 ⑨ countable (landslide) 滑坡 huápō ⑩ uncountable Geology (movement) 滑移 huáyí ;
 (deformation) [金属晶体的] 滑动变形 huádòng biànxíng 
▸ a slip fault 滑断层 ⑪ countable 
▸ informal dated a slip of a boy/girl 瘦削的男孩/苗条的女孩 shòuxuē de nánhái/miáotiao de nǚhái D. slips plural noun 
▸ (in cricket) the slips 防守位置 fángshǒu wèizhi 
▸ to field/be caught in the slips 在防守位置接球/被截住 zài fángshǒu wèizhi jiē qiú/bèi jiézhù PHRASAL VERBS slip away intransitive verb ① (leave quietly) 溜走 liūzǒu ;
 (leave briefly) 离开一会儿 líkāi yīhuìr 
▸ to slip away to Paris for the weekend 去巴黎度周末 ② euphemistic (die) «person» 去世 qùshì 
▸ his life is slipping away 他行将就木 slip back intransitive verb ① (return quietly) 溜回去 liū huiqu ;
 (return briefly) 回去一会儿 huíqu yīhuìr 
▸ to slip back (to the house) and do sth (quietly) 溜回（家）去做某事 (briefly) 回（家）去一会儿做某事 huí(jiā)qù yīhuìr zuò mǒu shì 
▸ to slip back into port 悄然回港 ② Finance «shares» 贬值 biǎnzhí ;
 «prices» 降低 jiàngdī slip by intransitive verb «time, life» 流逝 liúshì ;
 «opportunity» 溜掉 liūdiào slip down intransitive verb ① (fall) «person» 滑倒 huádǎo ;
 «socks, hat» 往下滑 wǎng xià huá ② (go down) 喝下 hēxia 
▸ this wine slips down well 这葡萄酒真好喝 slip in A. intransitive verb 溜进 liūjìn 
▸ a few errors slipped in 不经意出了几个错 B. transitive verb [slip sth in, slip in sth] 放入 fàngrù ‹object›;
 把…伸进去 bǎ… shēn jìnqu ‹hand›;
 figurative 插入 chārù ‹remark, question›
▸ to slip in the clutch 挂挡 slip off A. intransitive verb ① (come off) «lid, object» 滑落 huáluò ② (leave quietly) 溜走 liūzǒu ;
 (leave briefly) 离开一会儿 líkāi yīhuìr B. transitive verb [slip sth off, slip off sth] 脱下 tuōxia ‹clothes, shoes›;
 摘下 zhāixia ‹ring, gloves›slip on transitive verb [slip sth on, slip on sth] 穿上 chuānshang ‹clothes, shoes›;
 戴上 dàishang ‹ring, gloves›slip out A. intransitive verb ① (leave quietly) 溜出去 liū chuqu ;
 (leave briefly) 出去一会儿 chūqu yīhuìr 
▸ to slip out for a moment/for a newspaper 出去一会儿/买份报纸 ② (escape) «animal» 挣脱 zhèngtuō ;
 «object» 滑脱 huátuō ;
 figurative «words» 无意中说出 wúyì zhōng shuōchū 
▸ the words slipped out before he … 他还未…，话就出口了 
▸ it (just) slipped out （就那么）说漏了 B. transitive verb 
▸ to slip out the clutch 松开离合器 sōngkāi líhéqì slip over intransitive verb 滑倒 huádǎo slip past intransitive verb = slip byslip through intransitive verb «error» 被忽略 bèi hūlüè slip up intransitive verb informal 弄错 nòngcuò 
▸ to slip up on sth;
 弄错某事 



slit | BrE slɪt, AmE slɪt | A. noun 窄缝 zhǎifèng 
▸ to make a slit in sth 在某物上切开一条缝 
▸ his eyes narrowed to slits 他的双眼眯成了一条缝 
▸ a narrow slit in the fence 栅栏上的一条窄缝 B. transitive verb ① present participle slitting past tense, past participle slit (by cutting) 割开 gēkāi ‹material›;
 (by slitting) 拆开 chāikāi ‹envelope›
▸ to slit a letter open with a paper-knife 用裁纸刀划开信 
▸ to slit sb's throat 割破某人的喉咙 
▸ to slit one's (own) throat 割喉 
▸ to slit one's wrists 割腕 ② present participle slitting past participle slit (cut into strips) 把…切成条 bǎ… qiēchéng tiáo 
▸ the material had been slit into narrow strips 布料被裁成了窄条 ③ present participle slitting past tense, past participle slitted 
▸ informal (narrow) to slit one's eyes at sb 眯缝眼睛看某人 mīfeng yǎnjing kàn mǒu rén 



smash | BrE smaʃ, AmE smæʃ | A. transitive verb ① (shatter) 击碎 jīsuì ‹object, skull›;
 打断 dǎduàn ‹leg›
▸ to smash sth to bits or into pieces 把某物击碎 
▸ to smash sth open 砸开 ‹door, safe›
▸ to smash the atom informal 使原子分裂 ② (crash) «person» 驾驶…碰撞 jiàshǐ… pèngzhuàng ‹vehicle›;
 «waves» 把…打碎 bǎ… dǎsuì ‹boat›
▸ to smash sth into or against sth;
 使某物撞上某物 
▸ he smashed his fist into my face 他一拳捶在我脸上 
▸ to smash a hammer down on to sth 用榔头砸某物 ③ (break open) 砸出 záchū ‹hole›
▸ to smash one's way (into …) 闯进（…） ④ figurative (destroy) 摧毁 cuīhuǐ ‹political system, terrorism, crime ring›;
 镇压 zhènyā ‹protest›;
 打垮 dǎkuǎ ‹enemy, opponent›⑤ (surpass) 打破 dǎpò ‹record›⑥ Sport (hit) 扣 kòu ‹ball›B. intransitive verb ① (shatter) «object» 哗啦一声碎掉 huālā yī shēng suìdiào ② (crash) 猛撞 měng zhuàng 
▸ to smash into sth «vehicle, person» 猛地撞上 ‹wall› «fist» 猛地砸中 měng de zázhòng ‹face›
▸ to smash through sth «ball» 猛地撞破 ‹window› «waves» 冲破 chōngpò ‹dyke›C. noun ① singular (crash) (of glass, china) [破碎时的] 哗啦声 huālā shēng ;
 (of vehicles) [撞击时的] 轰响 hōngxiǎng 
▸ to collide/break with a smash 轰的一声相撞/哗啦一声打碎 
▸ there was a smash of breaking plates 盘子打碎的哗啦声传了过来 ② informal (accident) 撞车 zhuàngchē 
▸ a rail smash 火车相撞事故 ③ (blow) 猛击 měng jī 
▸ a forearm smash 挥舞前臂的重击 ④ usually singular (also smash hit) informal (success) 巨大成功 jùdà chénggōng 
▸ a box-office smash 票房的巨大成功 piàofáng de jùdà chénggōng 
▸ to be a smash 获得巨大成功 huòdé jùdà chénggōng ⑤ Sport (hit) 扣球 kòuqiú D. adverb 
▸ to fall or go smash on to sth «object» 哗啦一声掉到某物上摔碎 
▸ to run or go smash into sth «vehicle» 轰的一声撞到某物上 hōng de yī shēng zhuàngdào mǒu wù shang 
▸ then smash it was all gone 然后轰的一声，就都没了 PHRASAL VERBS smash down transitive verb [smash sth down, smash down sth] 撞破 zhuàngpò ‹door, barrier›smash in transitive verb [smash sth in, smash in sth] 砸破 zápò ‹door, window›
▸ to smash sb's face/head in informal 打瘪某人的脸/脑袋 smash up transitive verb [smash sth up, smash up sth] 捣毁 dǎohuǐ ‹place›;
 毁坏 huǐhuài ‹vehicle, furniture›



smell | BrE smɛl, AmE smɛl | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (odour) 气味 qìwèi 
▸ a sweet/musty smell 香气/霉味 ② uncountable and countable (stink) 臭味 chòuwèi 
▸ there's a smell in here! 这里有臭味！ 
▸ what a smell! 真臭！ 
▸ to get rid of smells 除臭 ③ uncountable (sense) 嗅觉 xiùjué 
▸ (a good/bad) sense of smell （灵敏/迟钝的）嗅觉 ④ countable usually singular (sniff) 嗅 xiù 
▸ to have a smell of or at sth 嗅一下某物 
▸ give it a smell 闻闻这东西 
▸ one smell of the meat and … 一闻到肉味就… ⑤ countable usually singular figurative (hint) 迹象 jìxiàng 
▸ the smell of suspicion/dishonesty 怀疑/欺诈的迹象 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle smelled or (mainly British) smelt ① (have odour) 有气味 yǒuqìwèi 
▸ to smell nice/awful 好闻/难闻 
▸ dinner smells good 饭真香 
▸ the wine/meat smells off 葡萄酒香气四溢/肉香扑鼻 
▸ to smell of sth;
 有…的气味 ‹socks, garlic›
▸ to smell like sth 闻上去像 ‹curry, roses›
▸ what does it smell like? 它是什么味儿？ → rose2 2② (stink) 发臭 fāchòu 
▸ your feet smell! 你的脚真臭！ 
▸ his breath smells 他有口臭 
▸ to start to smell 开始发臭 
▸ it/your idea smells figurative informal 这事真糟糕/你这主意真馊 ③ (have sense of smell) 有嗅觉 yǒu xiùjué 
▸ can fish smell? 鱼有嗅觉吗？ 
▸ he can't smell anything because of his cold 他感冒了，闻不出气味 ④ figurative informal (be dubious) «affair, situation» 不正常 bù zhèngcháng 
▸ the whole thing smells 整件事不对劲儿 
▸ to smell fishy or dodgy 可疑 
▸ to smell of racism/corruption;
 有种族歧视/腐朽堕落的意味 
▸ it smells like a hoax 那像是一场恶作剧 C. transitive verb past tense, past participle smelled or (mainly British) smelt ① (notice, detect) 闻到…的气味 wéndào… de qìwèi 
▸ I can smell lemons/alcohol on his breath 我闻得到他呼出的柠檬味儿/酒气 
▸ to smell (sth) burning 闻到（某物）烧焦 ② (sniff) 嗅 xiù 
▸ to smell a rose 闻一闻玫瑰 ③ figurative (identify) 察觉到 chájué dào ‹danger, problem, change›;
 发现 fāxiàn ‹news scoop›;
 识破 shípò ‹liar›
▸ to smell blood 察觉到对方的弱点 PHRASAL VERB smell out transitive verb [smell sth out, smell out sth] ① (sniff out) 嗅出 xiùchū ‹drugs, explosives›② figurative (identify) 查出 cháchū ‹plot, corruption, spy›③ (fill with smell) 把…弄臭 bǎ… nòngchòu ‹room, place›



smile | BrE smʌɪl, AmE smaɪl | A. noun 微笑 wēixiào 
▸ a big/broad/winning smile 灿烂/满面/迷人的微笑 
▸ a smile of welcome/approval 欢迎/赞成的微笑 
▸ a stupid smile 傻笑 
▸ to have a smile on one's face 面带笑容 
▸ to break into a smile 露出笑容 
▸ to give (sb) a smile （对某人）笑一笑 
▸ with a smile 微笑着 
▸ take that smile off your face! 不许笑 
▸ to wipe the smile off sb's face 让某人笑不出来 
▸ to be all smiles informal 笑容满面 
▸ to crack a smile US informal 强作笑颜 B. intransitive verb 微笑 wēixiào 
▸ to smile with pleasure/delight 高兴/开心地微笑 
▸ to smile at sb 对某人微笑 
▸ to smile back 回以微笑 
▸ to smile to oneself 心中暗喜 
▸ to smile at sth 觉得某事物好笑 
▸ to smile to think of sth/how … 想到某事物/如何…就觉得好笑 
▸ to come up smiling informal 摆脱困境，笑迎未来 C. transitive verb ① (say with smile) 微笑着表示 wēixiàozhe biǎoshì ‹greeting, one's thanks, agreement›
▸ ‘yes,’he smiled “是的，”他微笑着说 ② (produce) 露出 lùchū ‹smile›
▸ to smile a bitter smile/a smile of welcome 苦笑一下/以微笑表示欢迎 PHRASAL VERB smile on transitive verb [smile on sb/sth] literary «fortune» 垂青 chuíqīng ‹person, event›;
 «authority» 赞成 zànchéng ‹project›
▸ the weather has smiled on us today 我们今天有幸赶上了好天气 



smite | BrE smʌɪt, AmE smaɪt | transitive verb (archaic or literary) past tense smote past participle smitten 重击 zhòngjī ‹person, door›
▸ he smote the man a mighty blow with his stick 他用手杖狠狠地打了那个男子一下 → smitten



smooth | BrE smuːð, AmE smuð | A. adjective ① (even, flat) 光滑的 guānghuá de ‹skin, fabric, stone›;
 平坦的 píngtǎn de ‹road›;
 风平浪静的 fēng píng làng jìng de ‹sea, lake›
▸ to wear or be worn smooth «tyre, tread, surface» 磨光 → baby A1② (well blended) 混合均匀的 hùnhé jūnyún de ‹mixture, sauce›③ (steady, without jolts) 平稳的 píngwěn de ‹motion›
▸ to bring the car to a smooth stop 把车停稳 
▸ to have a smooth ride/landing 平稳乘坐/降落 
▸ to write in one smooth movement 一挥而就 
▸ the smooth running of sth 某物的顺畅运转 figurative (of organization) 某组织的平稳运作 mǒu zǔzhī de píngwěn yùnzuò ④ (flowing) 圆润的 yuánrùn de ‹music, voice›;
 流畅的 liúchàng de ‹verse, style, rhythm›⑤ (mellow) 醇和的 chúnhé de ‹taste, drink›⑥ figurative (problem-free) 顺利的 shùnlì de ‹event, delivery›
▸ to have a smooth journey 一路顺风 
▸ to have a smooth passage «bill» 顺利通过 ⑦ (mainly derogatory) (suave) 圆滑的 yuánhuá de 
▸ a smooth talker 油腔滑调的人 B. transitive verb ① (even, flatten out) 抚平 fǔpíng ‹cloth, hair›;
 磨平 mópíng ‹wood, surface›
▸ to smooth the letter flat on the table/the wallpaper into place 把信平摊在桌上/把壁纸抚平贴好 → feather A② (remove) 消除 xiāochú ‹creases›③ figurative (make easier) 使…顺利 shǐ… shùnlì ‹process, transition›
▸ to smooth the way (for or towards sth/for sb) （为某事物/某人）铺平道路 
▸ to smooth the path towards peace 铺平通往和平的道路 
▸ to smooth sb's way or path (into business) 为某人铺平（从商的）道路 PHRASAL VERBS smooth away transitive verb [smooth sth away, smooth away sth] ① (remove) 消除 xiāochú ‹wrinkles›② figurative (solve) 解决 jiějué ‹problems›;
 (clear away) 扫清 sǎoqīng ‹obstacles›smooth back transitive verb [smooth sth back, smooth back sth] 向后理顺 xiàng hòu lǐshùn ‹hair, covering›smooth down transitive verb [smooth sth down, smooth down sth] 抚平 fǔpíng ‹clothing, hair›;
 磨平 mópíng ‹wood, surface›smooth out transitive verb [smooth sth out, smooth out sth] ① (flatten) 把…铺平 bǎ… pūpíng ‹covering, cloth›② (remove) 消除 xiāochú ‹creases›
▸ to smooth the wrinkles out of a piece of paper 抚平纸上的褶皱 ③ figurative (lessen) 解决 jiějué ‹difficulties, problems›
▸ to smooth out the impact of sth 消除某事物的影响 ④ Statistics 修正 xiūzhèng ‹curve, fluctuations›smooth over transitive verb [smooth sth over, smooth over sth] 缓和 huǎnhé ‹problems, bad feelings›;
 减少 jiǎnshǎo ‹difficulties, differences›
▸ to smooth things over 平息事端 



smother | BrE ˈsmʌðə, AmE ˈsməðər | transitive verb ① (kill) 使窒息而死 shǐ zhìxī ér sǐ 
▸ he smothered the baby with a pillow 他用枕头把婴儿闷死了 
▸ I hate sleeping with a lot of covers, I feel as if I'm being smothered 我讨厌盖很多被子睡觉，感觉要憋死了 ② (cover) 厚厚地覆盖 hòuhòu de fùgài 
▸ to smother sb with kisses 吻得某人透不过气来 
▸ a cake smothered in cream 裹了厚厚一层奶油的蛋糕 
▸ her face was smothered in powder 她脸上涂了厚厚的粉 
▸ to be smothered in blankets/furs 盖着厚厚的毯子/披着厚厚的毛皮 ③ (overwhelm) 使觉得压抑 shǐ jué de yāyì 
▸ you can smother children with too much attention 过多的关注会让孩子觉得不自在 ④ (suppress) 抑制 yìzhì 
▸ to smother a yawn/sob 强忍住哈欠/呜咽 ⑤ (extinguish) 把…闷熄 bǎ… mēnxī ‹fire›



snap | BrE snap, AmE snæp | A. noun ① countable usually singular (sound) 啪的一声 pā de yī shēng ;
 (action) 发出啪的一声 fāchū pā de yī shēng 
▸ with a snap 啪的一声 pā de yī shēng ‹close, break›
▸ the snap of a twig 小树枝的喀嚓声 
▸ to call a waiter with a snap of one's fingers 打响指叫服务员来 
▸ (to be ready) in a snap (mainly US) informal 马上（准备好） ② countable usually singular (bite) 猛咬 měng yǎo 
▸ to make a snap at sth 对准某物猛咬 
▸ with a sudden snap (of one's jaws) 猛地一口 ‹bite›③ countable Photography informal 快照 kuàizhào 
▸ a snap of sb/sth 某人/某物的快照 
▸ to take a snap 拍快照 ④ countable (biscuit) 薄脆小饼 báo cuì xiǎo bǐng ⑤ uncountable British Games 对儿牌 duìrpái 
▸ to have or play a game of snap 玩一局对儿牌 ⑥ countable singular US informal (cinch) 容易的事 róngyì de shì 
▸ it is a snap doing sth or to do sth 做某事很容易 
▸ this job's a snap! 这活儿不过是小菜一碟！ ⑦ uncountable informal (vigour) 劲头 jìntóu 
▸ to have plenty of snap 劲头十足 
▸ put a bit of snap in it! 拿出点劲头来！ ⑧ countable US = press studB. intransitive verb present participle snapping past tense, past participle snapped ① (break) 啪的一声断裂 pā de yī shēng duànliè 
▸ to snap (off sth);
 «twig, section» （从某物上）啪地折断 
▸ to snap in two 啪的一声断为两截 ② figurative (lose control) 情绪失控 qíngxù shīkòng ;
 (have breakdown) 崩溃 bēngkuì 
▸ my temper/patience snapped 我忍不住发火了/失去了耐性 
▸ something just snapped in me 我内心一下子翻腾起来 ③ (click) (with noise) 啪地一动 pā de yī dòng ;
 (move quickly) 迅速移动 xùnsù yídòng 
▸ to snap open/shut «lid, purse» 啪的一声打开/关上 
▸ his eyes snapped open 他猛地睁开了眼睛 
▸ to snap together «jaws» 啪的一声合上 
▸ to snap into place «piece» 啪的一声放到位 ④ (speak sharply) 厉声说话 lìshēng shuōhuà ⑤ (act quickly) 迅速行动 xùnsù xíngdòng 
▸ snap to it! 加把劲！ 
▸ snap out of it! 振作起来！ 
▸ to snap to attention Military 啪地立正 C. transitive verb present participle snapping past tense, past participle snapped ① (break) 使啪的一声断裂 shǐ pā de yī shēng duànliè 
▸ to snap sth off sth;
 使某物从…上喀嚓一声折断 ‹mast, branch›
▸ to snap sth in two 啪的一声把某物折成两截 ② (click) (with noise) 使啪地一动 shǐ pā de yī dòng ;
 (move quickly) 使迅速移动 shǐ xùnsù yídòng 
▸ to snap sth open/shut (move quickly) 迅速打开/关上某物 (with noise) 啪的一声打开/关上某物 
▸ to snap sth on sth/into place 把…咔嗒一声与某物连接/放到位 ‹piece, lid›
▸ to snap one's fingers 打响指 ③ (say sharply) 厉声说 lìshēng shuō ‹words›
▸ to snap a reply 厉声作答 
▸ ‘no!’she snapped (at him) “不！”她厉声（对他）说 
▸ she snapped that … 她气冲冲地说… ④ Photography 给…拍快照 gěi… pāi kuàizhào 
▸ to snap the incident 拍下这一事件 D. adjective attributive 仓促的 cāngcù de ‹judgement›;
 紧急的 jǐnjí de ‹vote, election›E. adverb 
▸ to go snap «branch» 啪的一声折断 pā de yī shēng zhéduàn F. exclamation British ① 
▸ Games snap! [在对儿牌游戏中喊的] 对儿！ duìr ！ ② informal (finding similarity) 真巧 zhēn qiǎo 
▸ snap! you've got the same shoes as me! 巧了！你和我穿的鞋是一样的！ PHRASAL VERBS snap at transitive verb [snap at sb/sth] ① (speak sharply to) 对…厉声说话 duì… lìshēng shuōhuà ② (bite) «animal» 对准…咬 duìzhǔn… yǎo ;
 figurative 欣然接受 xīnrán jiēshòu ‹idea, chance›snap away: intransitive verb 
▸ to snap away (at sb/sth) 对着某人/某物不停拍照 duìzhe mǒu rén/mǒu wù bù tíng pāizhào snap back A. intransitive verb ① (click back) 啪的一声归位 pā de yī shēng guīwèi 
▸ the lid/his jaw snapped back 盖子/下巴吧嗒一声合上了 
▸ to snap back into place «component» 啪的一声放到原位 ② (reply sharply) 厉声回嘴 lìshēng huízuǐ 
▸ to snap back at sb;
 顶撞某人 B. transitive verb [snap sth back, snap back sth] ① 啪的一声把…归位 pā de yī shēng bǎ… guīwèi 
▸ to snap the bolt back 啪的一声闩上门 ② (reply sharply) 生气地说 shēngqì de shuō ‹words›
▸ ‘no!’she snapped back (at him) “不！”她气冲冲地（对他）说道 snap off A. intransitive verb «branch» 啪的一声折断 pā de yī shēng zhéduàn B. transitive verb [snap sth off, snap off sth] 啪的一声折断 pā de yī shēng zhéduàn snap out: transitive verb [snap sth out, snap out sth] 厉声喊出 lìshēng hǎnchū ‹words›;
 厉声发出 lìshēng fāchū ‹order›snap up transitive verb [snap sth up, snap up sth] informal 抢购 qiǎnggòu 
▸ the tickets were snapped up 票被一抢而空 



snatch | BrE snatʃ, AmE snætʃ | A. transitive verb ① (grab) 抢走 qiǎngzǒu ‹object›;
 figurative 抓住 zhuāzhù ‹opportunity, moment›② (rescue) 救回 jiùhuí ‹person›;
 (win) 夺得 duódé ‹opportunity, victory›
▸ to snatch sb from the jaws of death 把某人从鬼门关救回来 ③ (take hurriedly) 抓紧时间做 zhuājǐn shíjiān zuò 
▸ to snatch a week's holiday/a few hours' sleep 抓紧时间度一周假/睡几小时 
▸ to snatch a meal/a bite to eat 匆匆吃一顿饭/吃一口东西 
▸ to snatch a kiss 飞快地吻一下 ④ informal (steal) 抢夺 qiǎngduó ;
 (kidnap) 绑架 bǎngjià B. intransitive verb 争抢 zhēngqiǎng 
▸ children, don't snatch! 孩子们，不要抢！ 
▸ to snatch at sth;
 抓取 ‹object› figurative 争取 zhēngqǔ ‹opportunity›C. noun ① (grab) 抓 zhuā 
▸ to make a snatch at sth 伸手去抓某物 
▸ a quick snatch of breath 快速吸气 ② informal (theft) 抢夺 qiǎngduó ;
 (kidnapping) 绑架 bǎngjià 
▸ a wages snatch 抢工资 ③ (fragment) 片段 piànduàn 
▸ a brief snatch of sleep 片刻小睡 
▸ a snatch of their conversation 他们谈话的只言片语 
▸ I remember odd snatches of the song 我只记得歌曲的零星片段 ④ (in weightlifting) 抓举 zhuājǔ ⑤ vulgar slang (female genitals) 阴户 yīnhù PHRASAL VERB snatch away transitive verb [snatch sth away, snatch away sth] 一把拿走 yībǎ názǒu 



sneak | BrE sniːk, AmE snik | A. intransitive verb past tense, past participle sneaked (mainly US) informal snuck ① (move furtively) 溜 liū 
▸ to sneak in/away 溜进去/溜走 
▸ to sneak past (sb/sth) 从（某人/某物）旁边溜过去 
▸ to sneak up 溜近 
▸ to sneak up on/behind sb 悄悄/从背后悄悄接近某人 ② 
▸ British informal (tell tales) to sneak (on sb);
 [尤指学童间] 打（某人的）小报告 dǎ(mǒu rén de)xiǎobàogào 
▸ to sneak to sb (about sth);
 向某人告发（某事） xiàng mǒu rén gàofā(mǒu shì) B. transitive verb past tense, past participle sneaked (mainly US) informal snuck (take secretly) 偷偷拿 tōutōu ná ;
 (bring secretly) 偷偷带 tōutōu dài ;
 (put secretly) 偷偷放 tōutōu fàng 
▸ can I sneak another glass of wine? 我能再偷偷拿一杯葡萄酒吗？ 
▸ to sneak a glance/look (at sth) 偷偷瞥/看一眼（某物） 
▸ I managed to sneak a note to him 我设法把纸条偷偷递给了他 
▸ someone sneaked a camera inside 有人偷偷把相机带了进去 C. noun informal derogatory ① British (telltale) 打小报告者 dǎ xiǎobàogào zhě [尤指学童] ② (devious person) 鬼鬼祟祟的人 guǐguǐsuìsuì de rén [尤指告密者] D. adjective attributive 偷偷的 tōutōu de 
▸ a sneak attack 偷袭 
▸ a sneak visit 暗访 
▸ to take a sneak look at sth 偷看一眼某物 PHRASAL VERB sneak out A. intransitive verb 溜出 liūchū B. transitive verb [sneak sb/sth out, sneak out sb/sth] 悄悄放走 qiāoqiāo fàngzǒu ‹person›;
 偷偷拿出 tōutōu náchū ‹object›



sneeze | BrE sniːz, AmE sniz | A. intransitive verb 打喷嚏 dǎ pēntì 
▸ it is not to be sneezed at 这不可小视 B. noun (act) 喷嚏 pēntì ;
 (sound) 喷嚏声 pēntì shēng 



sniff | BrE snɪf, AmE snɪf | A. noun ① (audible breath) [用鼻子的] 吸气 xīqì 
▸ ‘stupid,’she said, with a disdainful sniff “真笨，”她轻蔑地哼了一声 
▸ he gave a sniff of disapproval 他哼了一声，表示不同意 ② (inhalation) (in order to perceive smell) 嗅 xiù ;
 (in order to inhale drug) 吸入 xīrù 
▸ to take or have a sniff (at or of sth) 嗅一嗅（某物） 
▸ to give sb a sniff of sth 让某人闻一闻某物 
▸ a single sniff of the substance can be fatal 吸一口这种物质就会致命 ③ (scent) 气味 qìwèi 
▸ a sniff of gas/alcohol 煤气味/酒精味 
▸ a sniff of sea air will do you the world of good! 呼吸海边的空气对你大有好处！ ④ informal (hint, trace) 迹象 jìxiàng 
▸ a sniff of trouble/scandal 问题/丑闻的苗头 
▸ not to get a sniff of money/the ball/a medal 根本得不到钱/碰不到球/拿不到奖牌 B. intransitive verb 抽鼻子 chōu bízi C. transitive verb ① (smell at) 嗅 xiù ;
 (inhale as drug) 吸 xī 
▸ he stopped and sniffed the air 他停下来嗅了嗅空气 ② (say with audible breath) 抽着鼻子说 chōuzhe bízi shuō 
▸ he sniffed his disapproval 他轻蔑地表示不同意 PHRASAL VERBS sniff around intransitive verb informal 打探 dǎtàn 
▸ to sniff around for sth;
 四处打探某事 sniff at transitive verb [sniff at sth] ① (smell at) 嗅 xiù ② figurative (be disdainful of) 对…嗤之以鼻 duì… chī zhī yǐ bí ;
 (reject) 摈弃 bìnqì 
▸ what are you sniffing at? 你有什么看不惯的？ 
▸ not to be sniffed at 不容轻视 sniff out transitive verb [sniff sb/sth out, sniff out sb/sth] ① (detect by smell) 闻出 wénchū ② figurative (expose) 查出 cháchū ‹crime, criminal›;
 发现 fāxiàn ‹news story, bargain›



soar | BrE sɔː, AmE sɔr | intransitive verb ① (fly up or rise high in the air) «bird, kite» 高飞 gāo fēi ;
 «aircraft, flames» 升空 shēngkōng ;
 «tower, mountain» 高耸 gāosǒng 
▸ the eagle/glider soared high above us 老鹰/滑翔机在我们头顶的高空翱翔 ② (rise in pitch) «voice, pitch» 升高 shēnggāo ;
 «instrument» 音调增高 yīndiào zēnggāo ③ (in spirits) «hopes, expectations, morale» 高涨 gāozhǎng ④ (increase rapidly) 猛增 měng zēng 
▸ to soar beyond or above or through … 猛升至…以上 
▸ to soar to 激增到 ‹amount, figure›
▸ to soar from X to Y 从X骤升到Y PHRASAL VERB soar up intransitive verb 飞上天空 fēishang tiānkōng 



sob | BrE sɒb, AmE sɑb | A. intransitive verb present participle sobbing past tense, past participle sobbed 啜泣 chuòqì B. transitive verb present participle sobbing past tense, past participle sobbed 抽噎着说 chōuyēzhe shuō C. noun (act) 啜泣 chuòqì ;
 (sound) 啜泣声 chuòqì shēng PHRASAL VERB sob out transitive verb [sob out sth, sob sth out] 哭诉 kūsù ‹tale, story›
▸ she sobbed out her trouble to him 她向他哭诉自己的烦恼 
▸ to sob one's heart out 哭得死去活来 



solicit | BrE səˈlɪsɪt, AmE səˈlɪsɪt | A. transitive verb ① (request) 索求 suǒqiú ‹money›;
 请求 qǐngqiú ‹attention, help›;
 征求 zhēngqiú ‹opinion, view, information›
▸ to solicit sth from sb;
 向某人索要某物 ② (offer sexual services in exchange for money) 招徕 zhāolái ‹custom›
▸ the women were soliciting clients in the red-light district 那些女人在红灯区拉客 B. intransitive verb ① 
▸ (request) to solicit for sth;
 «beggar» 索要某物 «tradesperson» 招揽某物 zhāolǎn mǒu wù 
▸ to solicit for custom 招揽顾客 ② (offer sexual services in exchange for money) 拉客 lākè 



solve | BrE sɒlv, AmE sɑlv | transitive verb ① (resolve) 解开 jiěkāi ‹problem, puzzle›;
 解 jiě ‹equation›② (find explanation for or solution to) 破解 pòjiě 
▸ to solve a murder 侦破谋杀案 ③ (provide way of dealing with) 解决 jiějué ‹problem, difficulty›



soothe | BrE suːð, AmE suð | A. transitive verb ① (calm) 安慰 ānwèi ‹person, animal, group›;
 平息 píngxī ‹fear, anxiety, anger›
▸ to soothe sb's fears/nerves 消除某人的恐惧/紧张 ② (ease) 减轻…的疼痛 jiǎnqīng… de téngtòng ‹patient, wound›;
 减轻 jiǎnqīng ‹pain›B. intransitive verb «person, speech, presence» 起抚慰作用 qǐ fǔwèi zuòyòng ;
 «drug, ointment» 起缓解作用 qǐ huǎnjiě zuòyòng PHRASAL VERB soothe away transitive verb [soothe away sth, soothe sth away] 减轻 jiǎnqīng ‹pain›;
 平息 píngxī ‹fear, anxiety, anger›



sort | BrE sɔːt, AmE sɔrt | A. noun ① (kind, type) 种类 zhǒnglèi 
▸ this/that sort of X 这种/那种X 
▸ people of that sort 那种人 
▸ the same sort of thing 同一类事情 
▸ what sort of dog/man is he? 它是什么品种的狗/他是什么样的人？ 
▸ what sort of car is it? 那是什么类型的汽车？ 
▸ several/different sorts of cake 好几种/不同种类的蛋糕 
▸ A, B, that sort of thing A、B之类的东西 
▸ all sorts of reasons 各种原因 
▸ you know the sort of thing I mean 你知道我在说什么 
▸ a cheap sort of cotton 一种廉价的棉布 
▸ in an embarrassed sort of way 有点尴尬地 
▸ that's my sort of holiday 这是我喜欢的度假方式 
▸ that's the sort of person I am 我就是这样的人 
▸ what sort of people does he think we are? 他把我们当成什么人了？ 
▸ I'm not that sort of girl! 我不是那种随随便便的女孩！ 
▸ what sort of a reply/an excuse is that? 那算什么回答/理由啊？ 
▸ radiation of any sort, any sort of radiation 任何种类的辐射 
▸ a liar of the worst sort 最恶劣的说谎者 
▸ it takes all sorts (to make a world) proverb 大千世界无奇不有 
▸ I wouldn't want to do that myself, but it takes all sorts 我自己不想做那件事，但各人有各人的爱好 
▸ nothing or not anything of the sort 一点也不 
▸ I shall do/say nothing of the sort! 我绝不做这种事/说这种话！ ② (in vague description) 某种 mǒu zhǒng 
▸ a sort of X;
 类似X的东西 
▸ a sort of elephant without a trunk 某种没有长鼻子的大象 
▸ I had a sort of (a) feeling that … 我依稀觉得… 
▸ in a sort of way I'm sorry 我有点抱歉 
▸ he must be some sort of madman 他一定是有点疯了 
▸ there must be some sort of mistake 一定是出了什么差错 
▸ you must have some sort of idea 你肯定多少了解一点的 
▸ (an) X of some sort 某种X 
▸ we made progress of sorts 我们勉强取得了一点进步 
▸ X or something of the sort X或诸如此类的东西 
▸ to be or feel out of sorts (ill) 感到不适 (grouchy) 心情烦躁 ③ (type of person) 某一类人 mǒu yī lèi rén 
▸ to be sb's sort 是某人那种人 
▸ they're not our sort 他们和我们不是一类人 
▸ people of her sort 她那类人 
▸ we see all sorts here 我们这里三教九流的人都有 ④ informal (person) 人 rén 
▸ a good/bad sort 好人/坏人 B. sort of adverb informal ① (a bit, somewhat) 有点 yǒudiǎn 
▸ sort of cute/eccentric 有点可爱/古怪的 
▸ to sort of understand/sympathize 有点理解/同情 
▸ I've sort of heard of her vaguely 我对她略有耳闻 
▸ it just sort of happened 事情就这么发生了 
▸ aren't you pleased? — sort of 你难道不满意吗？──还可以吧 
▸ do you see what I mean? — sort of 你明白我的意思吗？──差不多吧 ② (approximately) 大约 dàyuē 
▸ it's sort of behind her 那东西就在她身后 
▸ come at sort of 6 o'clock 6点左右来吧 
▸ it happened sort of recently 事情算是最近发生的 C. transitive verb ① (classify, arrange) 把…分类 bǎ… fēnlèi ‹items, collection›;
 分拣 fēnjiǎn ‹mail, parcels›;
 Computing 整理 zhěnglǐ ‹data, files›
▸ he sorted the clothes into piles/into clean and dirty 他把衣服分成一堆堆/干净的和脏的 
▸ to sort sth by colour 按颜色给某物分类 
▸ to sort things into sizes or according to size 把东西按大小分类 
▸ to sort one's cards or hand 按花色理牌 ② (select) 挑出 tiāochū ;
 (separate) 分开 fēnkāi 
▸ to sort sth from sth;
 把某物和某物分开 
▸ a machine for sorting potatoes 挑选土豆的机器 ③ informal (mend) 修理 xiūlǐ 
▸ I've sorted your bike 我修好了你的自行车 PHRASAL VERBS sort out A. [sort sth out, sort out sth] transitive verb ① (select) 挑出 tiāochū ;
 (separate) 分开 fēnkāi 
▸ to sort out sth from sth;
 (select) 从某物中挑出某物 (separate) 把某物和某物分开 ② (organize) 整理 zhěnglǐ ;
 (arrange) 安排 ānpái ;
 (fix) 处理 chǔlǐ 
▸ did you sort it out with him when you were there? 你在那里时和他安排好了吗？ ③ (tidy up) 整理 zhěnglǐ ‹objects›;
 打理 dǎlǐ ‹affairs›
▸ it was left to me to sort out the mess 收拾烂摊子的事留给了我 ④ (distinguish) 识别 shíbié ;
 (establish) 确定 quèdìng 
▸ I couldn't sort out what had happened 我弄不明白出了什么事 
▸ to sort out who is responsible 查出负责人 ⑤ (resolve, put right) 纠正 jiūzhèng 
▸ we've got it all sorted out now 我们目前把一切都搞定了 
▸ to sort out one's life 恢复正常生活 
▸ can you sort this out for me? (help) 你能帮我弄好这个吗？ (explain) 你能帮我弄清楚这个吗？ ⑥ (mend) 修理 xiūlǐ ‹machine›;
 纠正 jiūzhèng ‹fault›
▸ I've sorted out the television 我把电视机修好了 B. [sort sb out] transitive verb informal ① (help) 安顿 āndùn ‹person›
▸ the doctor will soon sort her out 医生很快就会治好她的 ② (punish) 收拾 shōushi ‹person›
▸ I'll sort him out! 我会收拾他的！ C. reflexive verb ① to sort oneself out (sort out one's life) 恢复正常生活 ;
 (get organized) 安顿自己 āndùn zìjǐ ② to sort itself out «situation» 圆满结束 ;
 «problem» 圆满解决 yuánmǎn jiějué sort through transitive verb [sort through sth] 翻查 fānchá ‹items, cupboard›



sow1 | BrE saʊ, AmE saʊ | noun 母猪 mǔ zhū 
▸ you can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear proverb 粗瓷碗雕不出细花 



sparkle | BrE ˈspɑːk(ə)l, AmE ˈspɑrk(ə)l | A. intransitive verb ① (flash, shine brightly) «flame, firework, eyes» 发光 fāguāng ;
 «jewellery, tinsel, snow» 闪耀 shǎnyào 
▸ to sparkle with … figurative 因…而闪闪发光 ‹happiness, wit›② (be vivacious) 生动活泼 shēngdòng huópo ;
 (be witty) 富于机智 fùyú jīzhì ③ (effervesce) 发泡 fāpào ;
 (fizz) 发嘶嘶声 fā sīsī shēng 
▸ the champagne sparkled in the glasses 香槟酒在玻璃杯里泛着气泡 B. noun ① uncountable and countable (flash of light) 闪光 shǎnguāng 
▸ to add sparkle to sth 使某物发光 
▸ there was a sparkle of mischief/excitement in his eyes 他的眼睛里闪着调皮/激动的光芒 ② uncountable (vivacity) 活力 huólì ;
 (wit) 才智 cáizhì 
▸ to lose one's sparkle 失去活力 
▸ to add some sparkle to one's life 给生活增添一些激情 



speak | BrE spiːk, AmE spik | A. intransitive verb past tense spoke past participle spoken ① (talk) 说话 shuōhuà 
▸ please speak more slowly 请说得再慢一点 
▸ sorry, did you speak? 抱歉，你说话了吗？ 
▸ she got up without speaking 她一声不吭站了起来 
▸ she speaks so beautifully 她说话非常动听 
▸ to speak in a loud/deep/soft voice 高声/低声/轻声说话 
▸ to speak in a whisper/monotone 耳语/声音单调地说话 
▸ she spoke with a broad Irish accent/without a trace of an accent 她说话爱尔兰口音很重/不带一点口音 
▸ to speak in Hindi 说印地语 
▸ permission to speak, sir! 长官，请允许我发言！ 
▸ speak when you're spoken to! 别人跟你说话你再开口！ 
▸ who's speaking, please? (on telephone) 请问是哪位？ 
▸ this is Jason speaking (on telephone) 我是贾森 
▸ can I speak to Mr Brown? — speaking (on telephone) 我找布朗先生──我就是 
▸ this is your captain speaking 我是本次航班的机长 
▸ to speak in public 公开讲话 
▸ to speak to sb;
 对某人说 
▸ speak to me, Albert! 你倒是说话呀，艾伯特！ 
▸ I am speaking to you from the People's Square (radio announcer) 我在人民广场向大家报道 
▸ don't you speak to me like that/in that tone! 不许你那样/用那种语气对我说话！ 
▸ to speak about or of sth/sb;
 谈起某事物/某人 
▸ the person you were speaking of 你刚才说到的那个人 
▸ the book speaks of betrayal 这本书讲述的是背叛的故事 
▸ speaking of lunch/Simon, … 说到午餐/西蒙，… 
▸ to speak well or highly of sb/sth 对某人/某事物评价很高 
▸ she's well spoken of in academic circles 她在学术界口碑很好 
▸ to speak about or of doing sth;
 提及做某事 
▸ he spoke of selling the house 他说到了卖房子的事情 
▸ speaking as a parent, …;
 作为家长来说，… 
▸ to speak or speaking personally, I … 就我个人而言，… 
▸ she was speaking personally 她在表达个人看法 
▸ do you mind if I speak technically or scientifically for a moment? 你介意我说两句行话吗？ 
▸ politically/sociologically speaking 从政治上/社会学角度讲 
▸ metaphorically speaking 打个比方 
▸ generally/roughly/strictly or properly speaking 一般/粗略/严格说来 
▸ no X to speak of (very little, if any) 几乎没有X (no X worth mentioning) X不值一提 
▸ had any complaints? — none to speak of 有什么不满意的吗？──那倒说不上 
▸ nothing/nobody to speak of 没什么大不了的事物/了不得的人 
▸ there's nothing to speak of on television tonight 今晚电视没什么好节目 
▸ not to speak of … 更不用说… 
▸ so to speak 可以说 ② (converse) 谈话 tánhuà 
▸ they're not speaking (to each other) 他们谁也不和谁说话了 
▸ would you prefer it if we spoke in Russian? 我们用俄语交谈好吗？ 
▸ to speak about or of sth/sb;
 谈论某事物/某人 
▸ we spoke of this and that 我们谈天说地 
▸ to speak to or (mainly US) with sb about sth;
 和某人谈某事物 
▸ who was that you were speaking to? 你刚才在和谁说话？ 
▸ I won't speak to her again 我再也不和她说话了 
▸ I need to speak to him urgently 我有急事要跟他谈 
▸ I don't know them to speak to 我知道他们，但没说过话 
▸ to speak through an interpreter/a solicitor 通过传译员交谈/事务律师来交涉 ③ (make a speech) 发言 fāyán 
▸ to rise to speak 起立发言 
▸ are you speaking at the conference? 你要在会上发言吗？ 
▸ to speak in the Assembly/House/Senate 在州议会/众议院/参议院发言 
▸ to speak (to sb) about or on sth;
 （对某人）发言讲述某事 
▸ to speak on or about cultural diversity 作文化多样性方面的演讲 
▸ to speak against/in favour of sth;
 发言反对/赞成某事物 ④ figurative (express sth) «scene, gesture» 有意义 yǒu yìyì 
▸ this poem speaks to me in a very special way 这首诗向我传达了很特别的意义 
▸ the story spoke to him directly 这个故事触动了他 
▸ that look spoke louder than any words could have done 那个表情胜过千言万语 B. transitive verb past tense spoke past participle spoken ① (communicate in) 说 shuō ‹language›
▸ can or do you speak Chinese? 你会说汉语吗？ 
▸ ‘French/Italian spoken’ “本处说法语/意大利语” 
▸ English as it is spoken 英语口语 
▸ we don't speak the same language literal 我们语言不通 figurative 我们没有共同语言 wǒmen méiyǒu gòngtóng yǔyán ② (utter) 说出 shuōchū ‹name›;
 念出 niànchū ‹line, poem›
▸ to speak the truth 说真话 
▸ to speak one's mind 说心里话 C. -speak combining form informal 行话 hánghuà 
▸ computer/management/lawyer-speak 计算机业/管理界/律师的行话 PHRASAL VERBS speak for transitive verb [speak for sb/sth] ① (on behalf of) 为…讲话 wèi… jiǎnghuà ‹person, organization›
▸ to speak for the working classes 代表劳动阶级 
▸ I think I speak for everyone here when I say … 当我说…时，我认为是反映了在场所有人的心声 
▸ speaking for myself … 就我而言… 
▸ speak for yourself! 那只是说你自己吧！ 
▸ let her speak for herself 让她自己说 
▸ he's old enough to speak for himself 他不小了，可以自己表达意见了 
▸ the facts speak for themselves 事实不言自明 ② 
▸ to be spoken for;
 (be reserved) 被预订 (be engaged) 已订婚 yǐ dìnghūn 
▸ he's spoken for 他已名草有主 speak out intransitive verb (say what one thinks) 表明意见 biǎomíng yìjiàn ;
 (speak openly) 公开宣布 gōngkāi xuānbù 
▸ he's not afraid to speak out 他不怕畅所欲言 
▸ to speak out about or on sth;
 表明对某事物的看法 
▸ to speak out against/in favour of sth;
 公然反对/赞成某事物 speak to: transitive verb ① [speak to sb] (reprimand, advise) 责备 zébèi 
▸ to speak to sb about sth;
 就某事数落某人 ② [speak to sth] (talk about) 谈论 tánlùn 
▸ please speak to the point 请不要走题 speak up intransitive verb ① (talk louder) 大声说话 dàshēng shuōhuà 
▸ please speak up! 请大点声讲！ ② (dare to talk) 大胆讲话 dàdǎn jiǎnghuà 
▸ nobody spoke up 没人敢说话 
▸ to speak up for sb/sth;
 为某人/某事物仗义执言 



speed | BrE spiːd, AmE spid | A. noun ① countable and uncountable (rate of movement or action) 速度 sùdù ;
 (quickness of movement) 快速 kuàisù 
▸ with (great) speed 快速地 
▸ speed of hand 变换手法的速度 
▸ with the speed of light/an arrow 以光速/离弦之箭般 
▸ to gather or build up or pick up speed 加速 jiāsù 
▸ to reduce or drop one's speed 减速 
▸ high or great speed 高速 
▸ at speed 快速地 
▸ to put on a burst of speed 突然加速 
▸ with lightning speed 以闪电般的速度 
▸ to have a (good) turn of speed 能突然加速 
▸ with all speed 以全速 
▸ to make all speed 全速前进 
▸ full speed ahead! 全速前进！ 
▸ at a speed of 150 mph 以150英里的时速 
▸ trains travelling at speeds in excess of 150 mph 以超过150英里时速行驶的火车 
▸ the speed of light/sound 光速/音速 
▸ an aircraft with a maximum or top speed of 300 mph 最高时速为300英里的飞机 
▸ an average/a steady speed of … …的平均速度/匀速 
▸ at breakneck speed 以危险的速度 
▸ to be up to speed informal (fully informed, up to date) 了解最新情况 
▸ to bring sb up to speed informal (fully inform) 告知某人全部情况 (make perform at the required rate or level) 使某人达到应有水准 
▸ the cost of bringing the schools up to speed 使学校达标需要的费用 
▸ for speed 为了快速起见 
▸ shorthand speed 速记速度 
▸ that's about my speed US 这才合我的心愿 ② countable Photography (sensitivity) 感光度 gǎnguāngdù ;
 (time) 快门速度 kuàimén sùdù 
▸ to take photographs at a speed of … 以…的快门速度拍照 ③ uncountable informal (drug) 安非他明 ānfēitāmíng ④ countable (gear) (of bicycle) 变速器 biànsùqì ;
 US (of motor vehicle) 排挡 páidǎng 
▸ a car with five forward speeds 有五个前进挡的汽车 
▸ a ten-speed bicycle 十速自行车 
▸ a three-speed gear 三挡变速器 B. intransitive verb ① past tense, past participle sped 快速前行 kuàisù qiánxíng 
▸ to speed along sth 沿着某物快速移动 
▸ to speed past sth 从某物旁边疾驰而过 
▸ the car sped along the road 汽车在路上疾驰 
▸ to speed on one's way 疾驰上路 
▸ we got into the car and sped home 我们上了车，疾驰回家 
▸ to speed to the rescue 急驰前往救援 
▸ the hours sped by figurative 时间飞逝 ② past tense, past participle speeded (drive too fast) 超速行驶 chāosù xíngshǐ 
▸ to be caught speeding 超速驾车被抓 C. transitive verb past tense, past participle speeded or sped ① (make quicker) 加快…的速度 jiākuài… de sùdù ‹work›
▸ to speed sb's recovery 加快某人的康复 ② (take quickly) 快速运送 kuàisù yùnsòng ‹passenger, freight›
▸ the taxi sped us into the city centre 出租车把我们急送到了市中心 PHRASAL VERB speed up past tense, past participle speeded A. intransitive verb 加速 jiāsù 
▸ work has speeded up 工作已经加快了速度 B. transitive verb [speed sth up, speed up sth] 加快…的速度 jiākuài… de sùdù 
▸ to speed up the introduction of sth 加快引入某物 
▸ output must be speeded up 必须加快产出 
▸ can you speed things up a bit? 你们能不能做事快一点？ 



spell1 | BrE spɛl, AmE spɛl | noun ① (magic words) 咒语 zhòuyǔ 
▸ to recite or chant a spell 念咒 
▸ a magic/an evil spell 魔咒/毒咒 
▸ to be under a spell 中了魔法 
▸ to cast or put a spell on or over sb/sth 对某人/某物施咒 
▸ a spell had been laid over the land 这片土地中了魔咒 
▸ to break/remove a spell 打破/去除魔咒 ② (attractive power) 魅力 mèilì 
▸ the mysterious spell of music 音乐的神秘魅力 
▸ to be under sb's spell;
 被某人迷住 
▸ to be under the spell of sb's beauty/stories 被某人的美貌/故事迷住 
▸ he is waking from her spell 他正摆脱她的诱惑 



spend | BrE spɛnd, AmE spɛnd | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle spent ① (pay out, use) 花 huā ‹time, energy›
▸ to spend money on clothes/rent 花钱买衣服/付租金 
▸ he spent too much on that second-hand car 他买那辆二手车花了太多的钱 
▸ she spent all her money 她把钱花光了 
▸ to spend a fortune (doing sth/on sth) 花大钱（做某事/在某事物上） 
▸ not to spend a penny or halfpenny on sb/sth 不为某人/某事物花一分钱 
▸ we have spent far too long on the matter 我们在这件事情上花的时间实在太多了 
▸ to spend time/energy (in) doing sth;
 花时间/费精力做某事 
▸ to spend one's life doing sth 花一生的时间做某事 ② (exhaust) 耗尽 hàojìn ;
 (use up) 用完 yòngwán 
▸ they had spent all their ammunition 他们打完了全部弹药 
▸ to spend all one's resources on sth/(in) doing sth;
 把所有资源耗在某事/做某事上 
▸ the storm had spent its fury or itself 暴风雨平息了 ③ (pass) 度过 dùguo ‹holiday, weekend›
▸ how do you spend your spare time? 你业余时间怎么过？ 
▸ he spends hours watching TV/whole days fishing 他一连几个小时看电视/一天到晚地钓鱼 
▸ he spent a long time in the library 他在图书馆里待了很长时间 
▸ to spend many happy hours 度过许多快乐时光 
▸ he spent five years as a teacher/travelling 他教了5年书/游历了5年 
▸ he wanted to spend more time with his family 他想抽出更多的时间和家人在一起 
▸ to spend the night with sb euphemistic 和某人一起过夜 [指发生性关系] B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle spent 花钱 huāqián 
▸ he spends as if money grew on trees! 他挥金如土！ C. noun informal 花费 huāfèi 
▸ the average spend at the restaurant 该餐馆的人均消费 



spill1 | BrE spɪl, AmE spɪl | A. intransitive verb past tense, past participle spilt or spilled ① (pour out) 溢出 yìchū 
▸ to spill from or out of sth;
 从某物中溢出 
▸ to spill over/on to sth;
 «ink, salt» 洒满某处/洒到某物上 
▸ the water spilt all over the floor 水泼了一地 
▸ the wind spilt from the sail 风对帆的压力减小了 ② (disgorge) «contents, load» 散落 sànluò ;
 figurative «light» 散射 sǎnshè 
▸ the coins spilt on to the floor 硬币散落到了地板上 
▸ the crowds spilled into the street 人群涌到了街上 B. transitive verb past tense, past participle spilt or spilled ① (tip out) 使…溢出 shǐ… yìchū ‹liquid›;
 使…散落 shǐ… sànluò ‹powder, salt›
▸ to spill water/salt from or out of sth;
 把水/盐从某物中洒出来 
▸ he spilt wine down his suit 他把葡萄酒洒在了西装上 
▸ to spill blood (shed blood) 流血 (kill) 杀死 
▸ much innocent blood was spilt (blood was shed) 很多无辜的人流血了 (people were killed) 很多无辜的人被杀了 
▸ it is no use crying over spilt milk proverb 覆水难收 
▸ to spill the wind from the sail 减小风对帆的压力 ② (overturn) 打翻 dǎfān 
▸ to spill sb's drink 弄翻某人的饮料 ③ (disgorge) 使…散落 shǐ… sànluò ‹contents, load›
▸ the sack burst and spilt grain all over the floor 麻袋破了，粮食洒了一地 ④ informal (reveal) (deliberately) 透露 tòulù ;
 (unintentionally) 泄露 xièlòu 
▸ who spilt the news? 是谁走漏了风声？ 
▸ to spill the beans 泄露消息 [尤指泄密] ⑤ (unseat) «horse, bicycle» 把…摔下来 bǎ… shuāi xialai ‹rider›C. noun ① (liquid spilt) 溢出物 yìchūwù ② (spilling action) 溢出 yìchū ③ (fall from horse, bicycle) 摔下 shuāixia 
▸ there were many spills at the gymkhana 那次马术比赛中有很多人摔下来 
▸ to have a spill 摔下来 
▸ a nasty spill 重重的一摔 PHRASAL VERBS spill out A. intransitive verb ① (pour out) «liquid, powder» 洒出 sǎchū ② (be disgorged) «contents, load» 散落 sànluò ;
 «crowd» 涌出 yǒngchū 
▸ to spill out on to the pavement/into the street 涌上人行道/涌到街上 ③ informal (be revealed) 被泄露 bèi xièlòu ;
 (become known) 被公开 bèi gōngkāi B. transitive verb [spill sth out, spill out sth] ① (disgorge) 使…散落 shǐ… sànluò ‹contents, load›② (reveal) 泄露 xièlòu 
▸ she spilt out the whole story 她把事情原原本本说了出来 
▸ to spill out one's troubles to sb 向某人倾诉烦恼 spill over intransitive verb ① (overflow) 溢出 yìchū 
▸ the milk boiled and spilled over 牛奶潽出来了 
▸ to spill over on to sth;
 溢到某物上 
▸ five years of frustration spilt over into violence 五年的挫败感最终演化成了暴力 ② (spread beyond boundary) 涌出 yǒngchū 
▸ to spill over on to the pavement/into the neighbouring country 涌上人行道/涌入邻国 



spin | BrE spɪn, AmE spɪn | A. transitive verb present participle spinning past tense, past participle spun ① (rotate) 快速转动 kuàisù zhuàndòng 
▸ a child spinning a top 抽陀螺的孩子 
▸ a cricketer who spins the ball a lot 投出的球旋转很强的板球手 
▸ to spin the wheel (to the left/right) 快速（向左/向右）打方向盘 
▸ to spin the wheels [突然原地加速] 使车轮空转 
▸ to spin one's wheels US informal 徒劳无功 
▸ to spin a coin 投硬币 [决定次序]
▸ they spun a coin for service 他们投硬币决定谁先发球 
▸ to spin a record 播放唱片 ② (draw out and twist) 纺 fǎng ‹thread, yarn›
▸ to spin cotton into thread 把棉花纺成线 
▸ to spin wool from goat's hair 用山羊毛纺毛线 
▸ hair like spun gold 金丝般的毛发 ③ Zoology 结 jié ‹web, cocoon›④ (wring out) 甩干 shuǎigān ‹washing›⑤ figurative (tell) 编造 biānzào 
▸ to spin (sb) a yarn or tale (about sb/sth) 编造（关于某人/某事物的）故事（给某人听） ⑥ informal (give bias to) 有倾向性地发布 yǒu qīngxiàngxìng de fābù ‹news story›
▸ to spin sth as sth;
 有倾向性地把某事说成某事 B. intransitive verb present participle spinning past tense, past participle spun ① (rotate) 快速旋转 kuàisù xuánzhuǎn 
▸ she spun on her heel and left 她猛地转身走开了 
▸ to spin on one's toes 踮着脚转圈 
▸ to spin across/through/off sth;
 打着旋穿过/通过/离开某处 
▸ to go spinning 旋转起来 
▸ to send sth spinning 使某物旋转起来 
▸ the aircraft was spinning out of control 飞机失控，不停地旋转 
▸ the car's wheels were/the compass needle was spinning 车轮/罗盘指针转个不停 
▸ my head is spinning 我晕头转向 
▸ my head is spinning with ideas 我头脑中闪过了很多想法 
▸ I feel the room is spinning 我感觉屋子在打转 ② (draw out threads) 纺线 fǎngxiàn ③ Fishing 用旋式诱饵钓鱼 yòng xuánshì yòu'ěr diàoyú 
▸ to spin for sth;
 用旋式诱饵钓某种鱼 ④ informal (move along rapidly) 疾驰 jíchí 
▸ to spin along or down the road on one's bike 骑车在路上飞驰 C. noun ① countable and uncountable (rapid turn, turning motion) 高速旋转 gāosù xuánzhuǎn 
▸ to do or perform a spin 做旋转动作 
▸ he did a spin on the ice 他在冰上做了一个旋转动作 
▸ the spin of the earth as it goes round the sun 地球绕太阳公转同时的自转 
▸ to give sth a spin 转动某物 
▸ to put (a) spin on a ball 打转球 
▸ the spin of the wheel (in roulette) 轮盘的转动 
▸ to give washing a (long/short) spin （长/短时间地）甩干衣物 
▸ this load is on its final spin 这缸衣服正在进行最后的甩干 
▸ to give a record a spin 播放唱片 
▸ everything was in a spin informal 天旋地转 
▸ to be or get in a (flat) spin informal 惊慌失措 ② countable Aviation 尾旋 wěixuán 
▸ to go or get into a spin «aircraft» 进入尾旋 «pilot» 使飞机进入尾旋 shǐ fēijī jìnrù wěixuán 
▸ to come or get out of a spin «aircraft, pilot» 改出尾旋 ③ countable informal (pleasure trip) (in car, on bicycle) 兜风 dōufēng ;
 (in aircraft) 短途飞行 duǎntú fēixíng 
▸ to go for or take a spin 去兜风 ④ countable and uncountable informal (biased presentation) [尤指对己方有利的] 倾向性陈述 qīngxiàngxìng chénshù 
▸ to put a positive spin on sth 正面描述某事物 PHRASAL VERBS spin along intransitive verb informal «vehicle» 疾驰 jíchí ;
 «driver» 开车疾驰 kāichē jíchí spin around intransitive verb = spin roundspin off transitive verb [spin off sth, spin sth off] ① (produce as by-product) 衍生出 yǎnshēng chū ‹product, result›② Finance 使…脱离出来 shǐ… tuōlí chulai ‹company, business›
▸ to be spun off into a separate company 脱离出来组建成一家独立公司 spin out transitive verb [spin sth out, spin out sth] 拉长 lācháng ‹story, explanation, time›
▸ to spin out the food/visit 尽量使食物能多吃几天/延长访问的时间 spin round A. intransitive verb ① (through 360°) 旋转 xuánzhuǎn 
▸ we cannot see the earth spinning round 我们看不到地球的转动 
▸ to spin round and round 不停地打转 ② (through 180°) 转过来 zhuàn guolai 
▸ he spun round in the chair 他在椅子上转过身来 B. transitive verb [spin sb/sth round] 使转过来 shǐ zhuàn guolai 
▸ he spun his chair round 他把椅子转了过来 



spit1 | BrE spɪt, AmE spɪt | A. transitive verb present participle spitting past tense, past participle spat or (mainly US) spit ① (eject from mouth) 吐出 tǔchū ‹seeds, pips›
▸ to spit blood 吐血 
▸ to spit milk (all) over the table 把奶吐得满桌子都是 ② (sputter) 喷出 pēnchū 
▸ a volcano spitting lava 喷出熔岩的火山 
▸ to spit oil/water «pan, kettle» 溅出油/水 ③ (utter) 厉声说出 lìshēng shuōchū ‹insult›
▸ to spit curses at sb 怒骂某人 B. intransitive verb present participle spitting past tense, past participle spat or (mainly US) spit ① (eject saliva) 吐口水 tǔ kǒushuǐ 
▸ to clear one's throat and spit 清清嗓子吐口痰 
▸ to spit at each other «children» 互相吐口水 ② (in contempt) [表示鄙夷地] 啐唾沫 cuì tuòmo 
▸ to spit on sb/sth;
 朝某人/某物啐唾沫 figurative 鄙视某人/某事物 bǐshì mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù 
▸ to spit at sb/in sb's face 朝某人/ 某人的脸上啐一口唾沫 ③ (hiss) 发嘶呼声 fā sīhūshēng 
▸ to spit at sb/sth «cat» 朝某人/某物发出嘶呼声 
▸ to spit with rage or anger «person» 气得直喘粗气 ④ (eject venom) «snake» 喷射毒液 pēnshè dúyè ⑤ (sputter) 劈啪作响 pīpā zuòxiǎng 
▸ logs spitting in the fire 火中劈啪作响的木柴 
▸ sausages spitting in the frying pan 在煎锅里嘶嘶冒油的香肠 C. impersonal verb 
▸ British it's spitting (with rain) 天空飘着小雨 tiānkōng piāozhe xiǎoyǔ D. noun ① uncountable (saliva) 口水 kǒushuǐ 
▸ his mouth was full of spit 他嘴里满是口水 ② countable and uncountable (act of spitting) 吐口水 tǔ kǒushuǐ 
▸ to give a spit 啐口唾沫 
▸ spit and polish 彻底的擦洗 
▸ to be the (dead) spit of sb informal 和某人简直一模一样 ③ countable British (of rain) 小雨 xiǎoyǔ 
▸ a few spits of rain 几滴小雨 PHRASAL VERBS spit out transitive verb [spit sth out, spit out sth] ① (eject from mouth) 吐出 tǔchū 
▸ to spit sth on to one's plate 把某物吐到盘子里 ② (sputter) «volcano» 喷出 pēnchū ‹lava, fire›③ (utter) 快速说出 kuàisù shuōchū ‹insult›
▸ spit it out! informal 有什么话说吧！ spit up transitive verb [spit sth up, spit up sth] ① (eject from mouth) 吐出 tǔchū 
▸ to spit up blood 咯血 ② US (regurgitate) «baby» 回呕 huí'ǒu ‹food›



split | BrE splɪt, AmE splɪt | A. transitive verb present participle splitting past tense, past participle split ① (cut) 切开 qiēkāi ;
 (crack) 劈开 pīkāi 
▸ to split logs for kindling 劈一些圆木做引火柴 
▸ to split one's lip 把嘴唇划破 
▸ to split a seam 开线 
▸ to split sth into pieces/in half or two 把某物切成几块/两半 
▸ to split sth into X and Y Chemistry 把某物分解成X和Y 
▸ to split the atom 使原子核裂变 
▸ lightning split the sky 闪电划破了天空 
▸ to split one's sides informal 笑破肚皮 ② (divide) 把…分开 bǎ… fēnkāi ‹text, work›
▸ to split sth into two areas/groups/sections 把某物分成两个区/小组/部分 
▸ to split an infinitive 使用分裂不定式 ③ figurative (cause division in) 使…分裂 shǐ… fēnliè ‹group›
▸ to split an alliance into three camps 使联盟分裂成三个阵营 
▸ to be split on an issue «group» 在某个问题上存在分歧 
▸ to split the Conservative vote 分散保守党阵营的选票 
▸ to split the or one's ticket US Politics 投票给不同党派的候选人 
▸ to split enemy forces 分散敌人的兵力 ④ (share) 分担 fēndān 
▸ to split sth three ways 把…分成三份 ‹profit, cost›
▸ to split the rent between four people 在四个人之间分摊租金 
▸ shall we split a bottle of wine (between us)? 我们（俩）一起喝一瓶葡萄酒好吗？ 
▸ to split the difference 折中 ⑤ Computing 分割 fēngē ‹window›B. intransitive verb present participle splitting past tense, past participle split ① (crack, tear) «wood, seam, sack» 裂开 lièkāi 
▸ the ship split in two 轮船断成两截 
▸ my head is splitting 我头痛欲裂 ② (divide) «cell, atom» 分裂 fēnliè ;
 «road, stream» 分岔 fēnchà 
▸ to split into small groups 分成小组 ③ (disagree) «group, alliance» 分裂 fēnliè 
▸ to split on or over (the question of) … 在…（问题）上存在分歧 
▸ to split along party lines «government» 在政党路线上有分歧 ④ (end relationship) 关系破裂 guānxì pòliè 
▸ to split with/from sb;
 和某人分手/断绝关系 
▸ to split from the band 和乐队分道扬镳 ⑤ 
▸ British informal (tell tales) to split on sb (to sb);
 （向某人）告发某人 (xiàng mǒu rén)gàofā mǒu rén ⑥ informal (leave) 跑开 páokāi 
▸ he split when he saw the cops 他一看到警察就开溜了 C. noun ① (crack, tear) 裂缝 lièfèng 
▸ a split in a seam 绽开的线缝 ② figurative (division) 分裂 fēnliè 
▸ a two-way split 分裂成两派 ③ usually singular informal (share) 划分 huàfēn 
▸ a split of the profits 利润的分配 
▸ to do a five-way split of sth 把某物分成五份 ④ Cooking 水果船 shuǐguǒchuán 
▸ a banana split 香蕉船 ⑤ (mainly US) (half-size bottle) 小瓶饮料 xiǎo píng yǐnliào [容量为通常的1/2] ⑥ Sport (time) 分段计时 fēn duàn jìshí ;
 (point in race) 分段计时点 fēn duàn jìshí diǎn D. splits plural noun 
▸ the splits 劈叉 pǐchà 
▸ to do the splits 劈叉 pǐchà E. adjective 裂开的 lièkāi de 
▸ a split log 劈开的圆木 
▸ split bamboo 剖开的竹片 
▸ to give sb a split lip 把某人的嘴唇打裂 PHRASAL VERBS split off, split away A. intransitive verb ① (crack off) 断裂 duànliè ;
 (fall off) 断落 duànluò 
▸ to split off from the trunk «branch» 从树干上断裂 ② figurative (diverge) 分离 fēnlí 
▸ to split off from the main group 脱离大部队 
▸ to split off and found one's own political party 分裂出去成立自己的政党 B. transitive verb [split sth off, split off sth] ① (detach) 使…断裂 shǐ… duànliè ‹branch›
▸ to split a piece off (from) sth 从某物上切下一块 ② (separate) 使…分离 shǐ… fēnlí ‹group›
▸ to split sth off from the rest of the organization 把…从机构的其他部门独立出来 split open A. intransitive verb 裂开 lièkāi 
▸ the bag split open, and all my shopping fell out 袋子破了，我买的东西都掉了出来 B. transitive verb [split sth open, split open sth] 使裂开 shǐ lièkāi 
▸ to split sth open with an axe 用斧子把某物劈开 
▸ his cheek was split right open 他的脸颊被划了一道口子 split up A. intransitive verb ① (disperse) «crowd» 散开 sànkāi 
▸ we stayed together as far as London, where we split up to return to our separate homes 我们一起到了伦敦，然后分手各自回家 ② (divide) «company, group, alliance» 分开 fēnkāi 
▸ to split up into sth;
 分成某物 
▸ the children split up into smaller groups for art 孩子们学习美术时分成了人数更少的小组 ③ (end relationship) «couple, friends» 分手 fēnshǒu ;
 «group, band» 解散 jiěsàn 
▸ to split up with sb;
 和某人分手 B. transitive verb [split sth up, split up sth] 使分开 shǐ fēnkāi 
▸ you can split the work up any way you want to, so long as it gets done 只要活儿能够做完，你们之间怎么分工都行 
▸ they split the household effects up between them 他们把家产分了 
▸ to split sth up into sth;
 把某物分成某物 



spoil | BrE spɔɪl, AmE spɔɪl | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle spoiled British spoilt ① (ruin, damage) 毁掉 huǐdiào 
▸ to spoil one's chances of getting/doing sth 断送自己获得某事物/做某事的机会 
▸ spoilt ballots 废选票 
▸ to spoil one's appetite 败坏食欲 
▸ to spoil sb's (little) game informal 拆穿某人的（小）把戏 
▸ too many cooks spoil the broth proverb 人多添乱 ② (mar) 败坏 bàihuài ‹event, evening›
▸ to spoil the fun/sb's fun 扫兴/扫某人的兴 
▸ to spoil the view 破坏景致 
▸ a holiday spoilt by rain 让雨搅了的假期 
▸ to spoil sth for sb;
 破坏某人对某事物的兴致 
▸ the bad news spoilt the day for me 坏消息把我这一天都给毁了 
▸ to spoil everything 把整个事情搞砸 
▸ to be spoilt for choice British 因选择太多而拿不定主意 ③ (overindulge) 宠坏 chǒnghuài ‹child›
▸ to spoil sb rotten informal 宠坏某人 
▸ to be spoiled by sb 被某人惯坏 ④ (pamper) 娇惯 jiāoguàn 
▸ to spoil sb with presents 用礼物善待某人 
▸ I'm very spoiled living by the sea 住在海边，我很享受 B. to spoil oneself reflexive verb past tense, past participle spoiled British spoilt 善待自己 shàndài zìjǐ 
▸ let's spoil ourselves and eat out 我们享受享受，出去吃顿饭吧 C. intransitive verb past tense, past participle spoiled British spoilt «food, dinner» 变质 biànzhì D. noun uncountable (waste) 弃土 qìtǔ E. spoils plural noun ① (booty) 赃物 zāngwù 
▸ to get a share of the spoils 分得一份赃物 
▸ the spoils of war 战利品 ② figurative (reward, prize) 奖品 jiǎngpǐn 
▸ to carry off the spoils Sport 夺得奖项 PHRASAL VERB spoil for: transitive verb 
▸ to be spoiling for a fight 一心想打架 figurative (for argument) 一心想争吵 yīxīn xiǎng zhēngchǎo 
▸ to be spoiling for trouble 存心想找麻烦 



spray1 | BrE spreɪ, AmE spreɪ | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (flying droplets) 飞沫 fēi mò 
▸ sea spray 海面的浪花 
▸ the spray of a waterfall 瀑布的水花 
▸ a cloud of fine spray 一片水雾 ② uncountable and countable (fine jet of liquid) 喷剂 pēnjì 
▸ a throat/nasal spray 润喉/鼻雾喷剂 
▸ to apply sth in or as a spray 把…喷涂上去 ‹paint, glaze›
▸ a spray deodorant 除臭喷剂 ③ countable (atomizer, device) 喷雾器 pēnwùqì 
▸ a throat spray 润喉剂喷筒 
▸ a spray-head/nozzle 喷头/喷嘴 ④ countable (act) 喷洒 pēnsǎ 
▸ to give the flowers a quick spray 给花迅速喷点水 ⑤ countable figurative (shower) 一阵 yīzhèn 
▸ a spray of bullets/sparks 一阵弹雨/火花 B. transitive verb ① (apply) 喷 pēn 
▸ to spray paint (on to sth) （给某物）喷漆 
▸ to spray water at/over sth 对着某物/往某物上喷水 
▸ to spray perfume on one's cheeks 往脸上喷香水 ② (apply liquid to) 向…喷洒 xiàng… pēnsǎ 
▸ to spray crops 给庄稼喷水 
▸ to spray sb/sth with sth;
 给某人/某物喷某物 ③ figurative (emit) «furnace, explosion» 溅落 jiànluò ‹shards›
▸ to be sprayed with sparks 溅满火星 
▸ to spray bullets 扫射 ④ figurative (shower) 倾泻 qīngxiè 
▸ to spray sb/sth with sth;
 «fire, explosion» 使某人身上/某物上散落 ‹sparks, debris›
▸ to spray rioters with sth 用某物喷射暴徒 
▸ to spray sth with bullets 对着某物扫射 C. intransitive verb ① literal 喷 pēn 
▸ water sprayed all over the floor 水喷了一地 ② figurative (shower) «bullets, sparks» 倾泻 qīngxiè 
▸ to spray all over the room «shards» 溅落至房间各个角落 



spread | BrE sprɛd, AmE sprɛd | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle spread ① (open out) 展开 zhǎnkāi ‹sails›;
 (lay out) 铺开 pūkāi ‹groundsheet›
▸ to spread one's arms wide 张开双臂 
▸ to spread its tail «peacock» 开屏 
▸ to spread its wings «bird» 展翅 
▸ to spread sth on the table/floor 在桌子/地板上摊开某物 
▸ to spread sth over the furniture (as cover) 把某物盖在家具上 
▸ spread 'em! informal (police command) 手脚伸开！ ② (smear) 涂 tú 
▸ to spread sth on sth;
 在某物上涂 ‹butter, paste›
▸ to spread sth with sth;
 在…上涂某物 ‹surface, paper›
▸ to spread cream over one's cheeks 把护肤霜涂抹在脸颊上 
▸ to spread butter on the bread 在面包上抹黄油 ③ usually passive (lay, cover) 覆盖 fùgài 
▸ to be spread with gravel 铺上了砾石 
▸ to be spread with sheets 铺着床单 
▸ the table is spread with cakes/for lunch 桌上摆满了蛋糕/已摆好午饭 ④ (distribute, disperse) 使分散 shǐ fēnsàn 
▸ seeds are spread by the wind 种子是随风传播的 
▸ to spread the compost/sand evenly 均匀地施堆肥/撒沙子 
▸ to spread mud everywhere 把烂泥弄得到处都是 
▸ to spread the workload fairly 公平地分摊工作量 
▸ to spread resources thinly 分散使用资源 
▸ to be spread all over the country 遍布全国 ⑤ (diffuse) 传播 chuánbō 
▸ to spread gossip 散布流言 
▸ to spread a disease 传播疾病 
▸ the wind spread the fire to … 火借风势蔓延到… 
▸ to spread the word 传播消息 
▸ word had been spread among the staff that … 员工们一直在传言说… ⑥ (space out) 分布 fēnbù 
▸ to be spread (out) over several months «meetings» 延续几个月 
▸ five interviews will be spread over three days 将分3天进行5个访谈 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle spread ① (proliferate) 扩散 kuòsàn 
▸ to spread from place to place «fire, fear» 四处蔓延 
▸ to spread to other countries «disease, religion» 传播到其他国家 
▸ water spread across the floor 水漫过了地板 
▸ the settlers began to spread inland 移民们开始向内地迁移 
▸ a smile spread across his face 他脸上露出了笑容 
▸ gossip spreads rapidly 流言传播得很快 
▸ reports were spreading that … 有传闻说… ② (cover area) 延伸 yánshēn ;
 (cover time) 延续 yánxù 
▸ the forest spreads for miles in all directions 这片森林方圆好几英里 
▸ a desert which spreads over the whole of the north of the country 覆盖该国整个北部地区的沙漠 
▸ experience spreading over thirty years 30多年的经验 ③ (be spreadable) «butter, cream» 可以涂抹 kěyǐ túmǒ 
▸ to spread easily 容易涂开 C. to spread oneself reflexive verb past tense, past participle spread 
▸ to spread oneself over or across sth 伸展四肢躺在…上 shēnzhǎn sìzhī tǎng zài… shang ‹sofa, bed›
▸ to spread oneself too thinly figurative informal 样样都抓，哪样都抓不好 D. noun ① uncountable (diffusion) (of information, disease) 传播 chuánbō ;
 (of fire, plague) 蔓延 mànyán ;
 (of nuclear weapons) 扩散 kuòsàn 
▸ the spread of religion/democracy 宗教/民主思想的传播 
▸ the spread of education/ideas 教育/观念的普及 
▸ the spread of a population into an area 人口向一个地区的迁移 ② countable usually singular (width) 宽度 kuāndù ;
 (range) 范围 fànwéi 
▸ the spread of a bird's wings 鸟的翼展 
▸ there is quite a spread in terms of age 年龄段分布相当广泛 
▸ the spread between borrowing and deposit rates (difference) 存贷款利差 ③ countable Journalism 跨数栏的文章 kuà shù lán de wénzhāng 
▸ a double-/full-page spread 横贯两版/整版的文章 ④ uncountable and countable Cooking 酱 jiàng 
▸ cheese spread 奶酪酱 ⑤ countable informal (assortment of dishes) 丰盛的饭菜 fēngshèng de fàncài 
▸ a magnificent spread 盛宴 ⑥ countable US (ranch) 大牧场 dà mùchǎng ;
 (farm) 大农场 dà nóngchǎng ⑦ countable US = bedspreadPHRASAL VERBS spread around, spread about transitive verb [spread sth around] 散布 sànbù ‹rumour›
▸ it's being spread around that … 有传言说… spread out A. intransitive verb ① (move apart) 散开 sànkāi 
▸ the police spread out to search the hillside 警察分散开来搜索山坡 ② (extend) 延伸 yánshēn 
▸ the woods spread out as far as the eye could see 树林一望无际 B. transitive verb ① [spread sth out, spread out sth] (open out) 摊开 tānkāi ‹map, cloth›
▸ spread one's arms out 张开双臂 
▸ the plans were spread out on the table 设计图摊开放在桌上 
▸ the whole town lay spread out before them 整个小镇都展现在他们眼前 ② [spread sth/sb out, spread out sth/sb] (distribute over area) 使分散 shǐ fēnsàn 
▸ spread your men out 让你的人散开 
▸ houses were spread out all over the valley 房子零散分布在山谷各处 



spring | BrE sprɪŋ, AmE sprɪŋ | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (season) 春天 chūntiān 
▸ in (the) spring 在春天 
▸ in the spring of 2006 在2006年春季 
▸ spring is in the air 已经有春天的气息了 
▸ a bright spring day 明媚的春日 ② countable (leap) 跳跃 tiàoyuè 
▸ with a spring he was up on the wall 他纵身跃上了墙头 ③ countable (coil) (in chair, vehicle) 弹簧 tánhuáng ;
 (in watch, clock) 发条 fātiáo 
▸ to be like a coiled spring (ready to take off, tense) 像绷紧的弹簧 ④ uncountable and countable usually singular (bounce) 弹性 tánxìng 
▸ to have a spring in one's step 脚步轻快 ⑤ countable (water source) 泉 quán B. intransitive verb past tense sprang or (mainly US) sprung past participle sprung ① (leap) 跳跃 tiàoyuè 
▸ to spring over or across sth 跳过某物 
▸ to spring to one's feet/out of bed 一跃而起/跳下床来 
▸ to spring lightly up the steps 轻快地拾级而上 
▸ the dog sprang at me 狗向我扑来 ② (move quickly) 飞快行动 fēikuài xíngdòng 
▸ to spring into action «team» 迅速行动起来 
▸ to spring to or into life «person» 突然活跃起来 «engine, machine» 一下运转起来 yīxià yùnzhuǎn qilai «place» 突然热闹起来 tūrán rènao qilai 
▸ to spring to attention 迅速立正 
▸ to spring to sb's defence/rescue 立即为某人辩护/救助某人 
▸ to spring to one's lips «name» 脱口而出 
▸ to spring to mind 突然在脑海中闪现 
▸ to spring into focus 一下子成为焦点 
▸ tears sprang to her eyes 她的眼泪夺眶而出 
▸ where did you spring from? 你是从哪儿冒出来的？ ③ (be released quickly) 突然弹开 tūrán tánkāi 
▸ the lid sprang open/shut 盖子啪地打开/关上了 ④ 
▸ (make known suddenly) to spring sth on sb;
 突然向某人提出 ‹idea, plan› 突然把…交给某人 tūrán bǎ… jiāo gěi mǒu rén ‹task, problem›
▸ to spring bad news on sb 突然把坏消息告诉某人 
▸ I hate to spring this on you, but … 我不想让你没有心理准备就知道这件事，但是… C. transitive verb past tense sprang or (mainly US) sprung past participle sprung ① (set off) 触发 chùfā ‹trap, mechanism›
▸ to spring a mine 使地雷爆炸 
▸ to spring a surprise (on sb) 做出（使某人感到）突然的举动 ② informal (liberate) 帮助…越狱 bāngzhù… yuèyù ‹prisoner›
▸ to spring the hostages 营救人质 ③ (warp) 使…翘曲 shǐ… qiàoqū ‹board›;
 (split) 使…开裂 shǐ… kāiliè ‹board›
▸ to spring a leak «container, boat» 出现裂缝 ④ Hunting «dog, beater» 使…受惊跳出来 shǐ… shòujīng tiào chulai ‹game›PHRASAL VERBS spring back intransitive verb ① (leap back) «person» 向后跳 xiàn ghòu tiào ② (return with elastic force) «branch» 弹回 tánhuí 
▸ to spring back into position «part» 弹回原位 spring for transitive verb [spring for sth] US informal 付钱买 fù qián mǎi 
▸ I'll spring for dinner tonight 今天晚饭我来付钱 spring from transitive verb [spring from sth] (originate from) 起源于 qǐyuán yú 
▸ the dispute sprang from a misunderstanding 这一争端是由误解引起的 
▸ his problems spring from overconfidence 他的问题是过度自信造成的 spring up intransitive verb ① (get up) 跃起 yuèqǐ ② (appear) 涌现 yǒngxiàn 
▸ new industrial estates are springing up everywhere 到处都在兴建新工业区 
▸ a gale sprang up during the night 夜里突然刮起了大风 
▸ a group of onlookers sprang up from nowhere 一群旁观者不知从哪里冒了出来 



sprout | BrE sprəʊt, AmE spraʊt | A. noun ① Botany (shoot) 新芽 xīnyá ② = Brussels sproutB. intransitive verb ① (put forth shoots) «potato, tree» 发芽 fāyá 
▸ buds are sprouting on the trees 树木正在发芽 ② (grow) «grass, plant» 长出 zhǎngchū 
▸ hair sprouting from one's ears 耳朵上长出的毛 ③ figurative (appear) = sprout upC. transitive verb 长出 zhǎngchū ‹new growth›
▸ to sprout shoots 发芽 fāyá 
▸ to sprout a horn/beard 长角/长胡子 PHRASAL VERB sprout up intransitive verb ① literal 迅速生长 xùnsù shēngzhǎng 
▸ to sprout up overnight 一夜之间长出来 ② figurative «buildings» 涌现 yǒngxiàn 
▸ office blocks are sprouting up in the city centre 一幢幢办公大楼在城市中心拔地而起 



squeeze | BrE skwiːz, AmE skwiz | A. transitive verb ① (press) 挤 jǐ ‹tube›;
 榨 zhà ‹orange›;
 拧 nǐng ‹mop›
▸ to squeeze the trigger 扣扳机 
▸ to squeeze sb/sb's hand 紧抱某人/紧握某人的手 
▸ to squeeze sth dry 把…拧干 bǎ… nǐnggān ‹cloth›
▸ to squeeze sb dry figurative 榨干某人 
▸ to squeeze sb for £500/information 逼某人拿出500英镑/说出情报 ② 
▸ (extract) to squeeze toothpaste out of the tube 从管子里挤出牙膏 
▸ to squeeze information out of sb 逼迫某人吐露信息 bīpò mǒu rén tǔlù xìnxī 
▸ to squeeze juice 榨汁 zhà zhī 
▸ to squeeze water out of sth 把水从…里拧出来 bǎ shuǐ cóng… li nǐng chulai ‹cloth, mop›
▸ to squeeze three meals out of one chicken 靠一只鸡对付三顿饭 
▸ to squeeze money/the truth out of sb 勒索某人钱财/逼某人说出实情 lèsuǒ mǒu rén qiáncái/bī mǒu rén shuōchū shíqíng ③ (cram) 塞入 sāirù 
▸ to squeeze sth into a suitcase 把某物塞进手提箱 
▸ to squeeze more people into the car/more books on to the shelf 让更多的人挤进汽车/把更多的书塞入书架 
▸ to squeeze the car into a parking space 把车勉强开进停车位 
▸ to squeeze one's way through a gap 从豁口挤过去 
▸ to squeeze a lot into a week 把一周的日程安排得满满的 ④ Economics, Finance 使受到挤压 shǐ shòudào jǐyā 
▸ companies are being squeezed by high interest rates 高利率使公司举步维艰 
▸ profit margins are being squeezed 利润空间正逐渐减小 B. to squeese oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to squeeze oneself into sth 挤入 jǐrù ‹small space› 勉强穿上 miǎnqiǎng chuānshang ‹garment›C. intransitive verb ① (compress) 挤压 jǐyā 
▸ take hold of the tube and squeeze 抓住管子挤就行了 ② (cram) 塞入 sāirù 
▸ to squeeze into sth;
 «people» 挤进 ‹place, car›
▸ to squeeze into a dress 勉强穿上连衣裙 
▸ to squeeze through to the finals 挤入决赛 D. noun ① (application of pressure) 挤压 jǐyā 
▸ to give sth a squeeze 挤一下 ‹tube, orange›
▸ to give sb/sb's hand a squeeze 紧紧抱一抱某人/紧紧握一握某人的手 
▸ a squeeze of the trigger 扣扳机 
▸ to put the squeeze on sb/sth informal 对某人/某事物施加压力 ② (small amount) 挤出的一点儿 jǐchū de yīdiǎnr 
▸ to add a squeeze of sth 再挤一点儿某物 
▸ a squeeze of lemon (juice) 挤出的一点儿柠檬汁 ③ singular informal (crush) 拥挤 yōngjǐ 
▸ it will be a (tight) squeeze (in car, small space) 会很挤 ④ Economics, Finance 削减 xuējiǎn 
▸ the current squeeze on borrowing 目前的银根紧缩 
▸ a credit squeeze 信贷紧缩 
▸ to feel the squeeze 感到手头拮据 ⑤ 
▸ US informal (sweetheart) (sb's) main squeeze （某人的）恋人 (mǒu rén de)liànrén PHRASAL VERBS squeeze in A. transitive verb [squeeze sb/sth in, squeeze in sb/sth] ① literal 使…挤入 shǐ… jǐrù ‹person›;
 塞入 sāirù ‹object›
▸ to squeeze a few more people in 再多挤进几个人 ② figurative 为…挤出时间 wèi… jǐchū shíjiān 
▸ I can squeeze you in tomorrow 我明天可以挤出时间来见你 
▸ to squeeze in lunch 挤出吃午饭的时间 B. intransitive verb 挤入 jǐrù 
▸ we can just about squeeze in 我们可以勉强挤进来 
▸ to squeeze in between two people 挤在两个人中间 squeeze out: transitive verb ① [squeeze sth out, squeeze out sth] (wring) 把…拧干 bǎ… nǐnggān ‹cloth›;
 (extract) 挤出 jǐchū ‹liquid›② 
▸ Business to squeeze sb/sth out (of the market) 把某人/某物（从市场中）排挤掉 bǎ mǒu rén/mǒu wù(cóng shìchǎng zhōng)páijǐ diào 
▸ to squeeze out small shops 挤垮小商店 jǐkuǎ xiǎo shāngdiàn squeeze up A. intransitive verb 挤紧 jǐjǐn 
▸ could you squeeze up a bit? 你们能不能稍微挤一挤？ 
▸ to squeeze up against sb/sth 紧贴着某人/某物 B. transitive verb [squeeze sb/sth up, squeeze up sb/sth] 使挤在一起 shǐ jǐ zài yīqǐ 
▸ to be squeezed up in one corner of the room 挤在房间的一角 
▸ to be squeezed (tightly) up against sb/sth （紧紧）挤着某人/某物 



stand | BrE stand, AmE stænd | A. intransitive verb past tense, past participle stood ① (get to or be on feet) 站立 zhànlì 
▸ she was too weak to stand 她虚弱得站都站不住 
▸ everyone stood when the prime minister entered the room 首相进屋时，大家都站了起来 
▸ they were standing at the bar 他们站在吧台旁 
▸ a bird standing on one leg 单腿独立的鸟 
▸ don't just stand there, do something! 别光站在那儿！找点儿事做！ 
▸ to stand still 停住不动 
▸ to stand at attention/ease 立正/稍息 
▸ they were left with nothing but the clothes they stood (up) in 他们除了身上穿的衣服已一无所有 
▸ to stand on sb's foot 踩到某人的脚 
▸ to leave sb standing 把某人远远甩在后面 
▸ as a cook, she leaves me standing 她的厨艺比我高明多了 ② (be or become upright) 直立 zhílì 
▸ these walls have stood for centuries 这些墙已经矗立了好几个世纪 
▸ after the shelling only a few houses were left standing 炮击之后只剩几幢房子没倒 
▸ the earthquake destroyed the village completely;
 not a stone remained standing 地震完全摧毁了村庄，一切都被夷为平地 
▸ to stand on one's hands 双手倒立 ③ (measure in height) 高度为 gāodù wéi 
▸ he stands 6 feet in his bare feet 他赤脚身高为6英尺 
▸ the tower stands 60 metres high 这座塔高60米 ④ (be positioned) 位于 wèiyú ;
 (be) 处于 chǔyú 
▸ a tree once stood there 那儿曾经有过一棵树 
▸ a little town standing by the sea 坐落在海边的小镇 
▸ the house has stood empty for years 这栋房子空置了多年 
▸ he stood firm against her attempts to persuade him 她试图说服他，但他坚决不让步 
▸ I stand corrected 我欢迎指正 
▸ as things stand 就目前情况来看 
▸ when it came to practical jokes Tom stood alone 说到恶作剧，汤姆无人能比 
▸ how do things stand between the two of you at the moment? 你们俩现在关系如何？ 
▸ nothing stands between me and getting the job 什么也阻止不了我得到那份工作 
▸ I won't stand between them 我不会拆散他们 
▸ to stand in sb's way 挡住某人的路 figurative 阻拦某人 zǔlán mǒu rén ⑤ (remain stationary) 停住 tíngzhù 
▸ our train stood outside the station for half an hour 我们的列车在站外停了半个小时 
▸ time seemed to stand still 时间好像停止了 ⑥ (remain valid) 保持有效 bǎochí yǒuxiào ;
 (remain unchanged) 保持不变 bǎochí bùbiàn 
▸ the agreement stands 协议仍然有效 
▸ the world record stood for 43 years 这项世界纪录保持了43年 
▸ we must let the matter stand and see what happens 我们对此事一定不要插手，静观其变即可 ⑦ (be at certain level) 达到特定水平 dádào tèdìng shuǐpíng ;
 (be at certain point of a scale) 达到特定数值 dádào tèdìng shùzhí 
▸ the thermometer stands at 40°C 温度计的读数为40摄氏度 
▸ the budget stood at £2,000 million per annum 预算为每年20亿英镑 
▸ to stand at an all-time high/low 创历史最高/最低纪录 ⑧ (be liable) 很可能会 hěn kěnéng huì 
▸ to stand to do sth;
 很可能会做某事 
▸ he stands to make a lot of money 他准能赚大钱 ⑨ (rest) 静止 jìngzhǐ 
▸ mix the batter and then let it stand for 20 minutes 搅好面糊后醒20分钟 ⑩ British (be candidate) 参加竞选 cānjiā jìngxuǎn 
▸ to stand for parliament/president 竞选议员/总统 
▸ to stand as the Labour candidate 作为工党候选人参选 ⑪ (act as) 担任 dānrèn 
▸ will you stand as godfather for him? 你愿意当他的教父吗？ 
▸ he refused to stand as guarantor for me/the loan 他拒绝为我/这笔贷款担保 ⑫ (have opinion) 持某观点 chí mǒu guāndiǎn 
▸ where do you stand on abortion? 你对堕胎持什么观点？ B. transitive verb past tense, past participle stood ① (place) 使…站立 shǐ… zhànlì ‹person›;
 使…直立 shǐ… zhílì ‹object›
▸ he stood the child on a stool 他让孩子站到凳子上 
▸ he stood the ladder against the wall 他把梯子立在墙边 
▸ to stand sth on (its) end 把某物倒置 
▸ he stood himself near the door 他站在门边 ② (bear, withstand) 忍受 rěnshòu 
▸ I can't stand liars! 我无法容忍撒谎的人！ 
▸ I can't stand her laughing at me 我不能容忍她嘲笑我 
▸ she couldn't stand to wait a moment longer 她一刻也等不下去了 
▸ modern plastics can stand very high temperatures 新型塑料能承受很高的温度 
▸ it won't stand close scrutiny 那事经不起仔细审查 
▸ he can't stand the sight of spiders 他一看到蜘蛛就难受 
▸ more than flesh and blood can stand 凡人难以忍受的 ③ (pay for) 为…付账 wèi… fùzhàng 
▸ I'll stand you a slap-up dinner! 我要请你们吃大餐！ 
▸ he's standing drinks all round 他做东，请大家喝饮料 C. noun ① (attitude) 立场 lìchǎng 
▸ the party's tough stand on immigration 该党在移民问题上的强硬立场 
▸ he has always taken a firm stand on capital punishment 他在死刑问题上一直立场坚定 ② (resistance to attack) 抵抗 dǐkàng 
▸ to make or put up a stand 进行抵抗 
▸ you must make a stand for your principles 你必须捍卫自己的原则 
▸ we have to make a stand against racism 我们必须抵制种族主义 ③ (rack, frame) 架 jià ;
 (pedestal) 座 zuò 
▸ he hung his coat on the stand in the hall 他把外套挂在门厅里的衣帽架上 
▸ a book stand 书架 ④ (table for selling sth) 货摊 huòtān ;
 (kiosk) 售货亭 shòuhuòtíng 
▸ a newspaper stand 报摊 
▸ a hamburger stand 汉堡包售卖亭 
▸ to set up a stand in the market 在市场上摆摊 ⑤ (promoting area or structure) 展台 zhǎntái 
▸ a display/trade stand 展位/展销台 ⑥ (place for vehicles to wait) 停车候客处 tíngchē hòukèchù ⑦ Sport (seating structure for spectators) 看台 kàntái ⑧ (platform) (for a band, orchestra) 舞台 wǔtái ;
 (for speaker) 讲台 jiǎngtái ⑨ (witness box) 证人席 zhèngrenxí 
▸ to take the stand 出庭作证 ⑩ (stop for performance) 停留演出 tíngliú yǎnchū 
▸ to get a stand in Liverpool for three performances 在利物浦停留演出三场 ⑪ (standstill) 停止 tíngzhǐ 
▸ to come to a stand 停下来 
▸ owing to heavy snowfalls all trains were at a stand in Scotland 由于下大雪，苏格兰的所有火车都停运了 
▸ to bring sth to a stand 使某事物停下来 ⑫ (cricket partnership) 双人配对 shuāng rén pèiduì ⑬ (growth of plants) 林分 línfēn 
▸ a fine stand of wheat/trees 一片长势很好的小麦/树林 PHRASAL VERBS stand about, stand around intransitive verb 站着 zhànzhe 
▸ to stand about doing sth;
 闲站着做某事 
▸ I can't stand about waiting for you all day! 我不能整天闲着等你！ stand aside intransitive verb ① (move) 站到一边 zhàndào yībiān 
▸ to stand aside to do sth;
 站到一边做某事 ② (refuse to act) 不作为 bù zuòwéi 
▸ she just stood aside and let me do everything 她只是袖手旁观，什么事都让我做 ③ (withdraw) 退居一旁 tuìjū yīpáng 
▸ he stood aside as leader of the party 他让出了该党领袖的位子 stand back intransitive verb ① (move) 往后站 wǎng hòu zhàn 
▸ the policeman ordered us to stand back 警察命令我们退后 
▸ you should stand back from the painting 你应该站得离那幅画远一些 ② (become detached, objective) 置身事外 zhì shēn shì wài 
▸ to stand back from sth;
 置身于某事物之外 
▸ it's time to stand back and look at your career so far 现在你该从旁观者的角度来看一看自己到目前为止的职业生涯了 ③ 
▸ to stand back from sth (be situated) 不是紧挨着某物 bùshi jǐn āizhe mǒu wù 
▸ the house stands back from the road 房子离公路有一段距离 stand by A. intransitive verb ① (be prepared) 做好行动准备 zuòhǎo xíngdòng zhǔnbèi 
▸ the army is standing by with additional supplies 军队随时准备提供更多的补给品 
▸ to stand by for sth;
 为某事物做好准备 
▸ stand by for lift-off! 准备发射！ 
▸ to stand by to do sth;
 准备好做某事 
▸ we stood by to receive instructions 我们正在待命 ② (remain uninvolved) 袖手旁观 xiù shǒu páng guān 
▸ you can't just stand by and do nothing 你不能只是袖手旁观，什么都不做 B. transitive verb ① [stand by sb] (be loyal to) 支持 zhīchí 
▸ whatever he does, she always stands by her man 不管她丈夫做什么，她都支持他 ② [stand by sth] (not break or retract) 遵守 zūnshǒu 
▸ he stands by everything he said 他从不食言 
▸ to stand by one's pledges 信守诺言 stand down A. intransitive verb ① (resign) «candidate» 退出 tuìchū 
▸ the President has stood down after five years in office 总统任职5年后下台了 ② (relax after alert) «army, emergency services» 解除警戒状态 jiěchú jǐngjiè zhuàngtài ③ (leave witness box) «witness» 退出证人席 tuìchū zhèngrenxí B. transitive verb [stand sb/sth down, stand down sb/sth] 命令…解除警戒状态 mìnglìng… jiěchú jǐngjiè zhuàngtài ‹army, emergency services›stand for transitive verb [stand for sth] ① (denote) 表示 biǎoshì 
▸ OUP stands for Oxford University Press OUP代表牛津大学出版社 ② (represent) 主张 zhǔzhāng 
▸ I condemn fascism and all it stands for 我谴责法西斯主义以及它的一切主张 ③ (support) 支持 zhīchí 
▸ a party that stands for racial equality 一个支持种族平等的政党 ④ informal (tolerate) 忍受 rěnshòu 
▸ I will not stand for such outrageous behaviour 我不能容忍如此无礼的行为 
▸ to stand for sb doing sth;
 容忍某人做某事 
▸ I will not stand for him behaving like that 我不能容忍他那样行事 stand in intransitive verb 代替 dàitì 
▸ to stand in for sb;
 代替某人 stand off A. intransitive verb ① (move or keep away) 走开 zǒukāi 
▸ the women stood off at a slight distance 妇女们站得稍远 ② (reach deadlock) «adversaries, opponents» 陷入僵局 xiànrù jiāngjú B. transitive verb [stand sb off, stand off sb] British (lay off) 解雇 jiěgù stand out intransitive verb ① 
▸ to stand out from or against sth (be noticeable) 在某物的衬托下显眼 zài mǒu wù de chèntuō xia xiǎnyǎn 
▸ the yellow letters stand out well against the black background 黄色字母在黑色背景的衬托下很醒目 
▸ to stand out like a sore thumb informal 扎眼 zhāyǎn ② 
▸ stand out from sb/sth;
 (be better) 比某人/某事物出色 (be more important) 比某人/某事物重要 bǐ mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù zhòngyào 
▸ she stands out a mile from other candidates 和其他候选人相比，她非常出众 ③ (protrude) 凸出 tūchū 
▸ veins stood out on his forehead 他额头上青筋凸起 
▸ to stand out in (sharp) relief （清晰地）凸显 ④ (resist) 坚持抵抗 jiānchí dǐkàng 
▸ the workers stood out against attempts to close the company down 工人们坚决抵制关闭公司的企图 stand to A. intransitive verb «sailors, soldiers» 进入戒备状态 jìnrù jièbèi zhuàngtài B. transitive verb [stand sb to, stand to sb] 使…进入戒备状态 shǐ… jìnrù jièbèi zhuàngtài ‹sailors, soldiers›stand up A. intransitive verb ① (get to or be on feet) 站立 zhànlì 
▸ we stood up when the teacher came into the room 老师走进教室时，我们都站了起来 
▸ to stand up straight 站直 
▸ to be standing up 站着 zhànzhe ② (stay upright) 直立 zhílì 
▸ the tripod wouldn't stand up properly 这副三脚架立不起来 ③ 
▸ to stand up for sth (defend, support) 维护某事物 wéihù mǒu shìwù 
▸ stand up for what you believe in 你要捍卫你的信仰 
▸ she stood up for him when he was accused of dishonesty 他被人指责不诚实时，她站出来为他辩护 
▸ to stand up for oneself 自我保护 zìwǒ bǎohù ④ (withstand investigation) 经得起检验 jīngdeqǐ jiǎnyàn 
▸ the evidence will never stand up in a court of law 这一证据在法庭上根本站不住脚 
▸ his case didn't stand up to close scrutiny 他的论据经不起仔细推敲 ⑤ 
▸ to stand up to sb (resist) 抵抗某人 dǐkàng mǒu rén 
▸ to stand up to a bully 反抗恶霸逞凶 fǎnkàng èbà chěngxiōng ⑥ 
▸ to stand up to sth (withstand) 经受得住某事物 jīngshòu de zhù mǒu shìwù 
▸ the car is designed to stand up to our harsh winter climate 这种车的设计使其能够在我们这里冬季的严寒气候里正常行驶 
▸ to stand up to a lot of wear and tear 十分耐用 shífēn nàiyòng B. transitive verb ① [stand sb/sth up, stand up sb/sth] (set upright) 使…站立 shǐ… zhànlì ‹person›;
 使…直立 shǐ… zhílì ‹object›
▸ to stand a ladder up against a wall 把梯子靠墙立着 
▸ after the little boy had fallen over, she stood him up 小男孩摔倒后，她把他扶了起来 ② [stand sb up, stand up sb] informal (fail to meet) 让…白等 ràng… báiděng 
▸ she said she'd meet me at 7 o'clock, but she stood me up 她说7点钟和我见面，但她失约了 
▸ I was stood up 我空等了一场 



stare | BrE stɛː, AmE stɛr | A. intransitive verb ① (gaze) 注视 zhùshì 
▸ I screamed, and everyone stared 我尖叫起来，大家都盯着我看 
▸ to stare back at sb 与某人对视 
▸ to stare up/down at sb/sth;
 抬头/低头盯着某人/某物 
▸ to stare into space/the distance 茫然直视/凝视远方 ② (be wide open) «eyes» 睁大注视 zhēngdà zhùshì 
▸ her angry eyes stared back at him 她生气地瞪大眼睛与他对视 B. transitive verb 注视 zhùshì 
▸ the teacher stared the child into silence 老师把那个孩子盯得不再说话 
▸ to be staring sb in the face (be obvious) 对某人来说显而易见 (be unavoidable) 对某人来说不可避免 duì mǒu rén lái shuō bù kě bìmiǎn 
▸ defeat was staring them in the face 他们必败无疑 
▸ to be staring sth in the face 某事物不可避免 
▸ they were staring defeat in the face 他们必败 C. noun 注视 zhùshì 
▸ we received curious stares from the passers-by 过路人向我们投来好奇的目光 
▸ he fixed her with an angry stare 他愤怒地瞪着她 
▸ she gave him a blank stare 她面无表情地看了他一眼 
▸ to return/hold sb's stare 与某人对视/目光相接 PHRASAL VERBS stare down transitive verb [stare sb down, stare down sb] 盯得…转移目光 dīng de… zhuǎnyí mùguāng 
▸ he easily stared her down 他轻易就把她盯得低下了头 stare out transitive verb [stare sb out, stare out sb] 盯得…转移目光 dīng de… zhuǎnyí mùguāng 
▸ the children were trying to stare each other out 两个孩子对视着，看谁能把对方瞪得受不了 



start | BrE stɑːt, AmE stɑrt | A. intransitive verb ① (begin to happen) 开始 kāishǐ 
▸ when does the class start? 什么时候上课？ 
▸ have you any idea where the rumour started? 你知不知道谣言是从哪儿传出来的？ 
▸ the custom started in the Middle Ages 这一习俗始于中世纪 ② (begin doing sth) 开始做 kāishǐ zuò ;
 (begin saying sth) 开始说 kāishǐ shuō 
▸ can you start on Monday? 你能星期一开始上班吗？ 
▸ it’s a long story;
 where shall I start? 说来话长，我该从哪儿说起呢？ 
▸ the best professional musicians start young 顶尖的音乐家都从小就接触音乐 
▸ we'll start at the top of page 20 我们从第20页的上端开始读 
▸ to start on one's journey 起程 
▸ as soon as they'd finished the first bottle, they started on the next 他们刚喝完第一瓶就打开了第二瓶 
▸ it's time we got started 我们该动手了 
▸ I must get started on my revision in good time 我必须及早开始复习 ③ (do as a first stage) 首先做 shǒuxiān zuò 
▸ let’s start by reviewing what we did last week 我们先来复习一下上周学的内容 
▸ let's start with the case you mentioned 我们先来说说你提到的情况 
▸ she started as a secretary but ended up running the department 她起初是一位秘书，但最后掌管了整个部门 
▸ I started in marketing 我是从销售干起的 
▸ to start as one means to go on 始终如一 ④ (have as a first stage) 开头是 kāitóu shì ;
 (have as a starting point) 起始 qǐshǐ 
▸ the day started badly: I overslept! 那天一开始就不顺利，我睡过了头！ 
▸ her name starts with (an) M 她名字的首字母是M 
▸ this is where the desert starts 沙漠从这里延伸开去 
▸ prices start at 50 dollars 价格从50美元起 ⑤ (leave) 出发 chūfā ;
 (begin to move) 开始走 kāishǐ zǒu 
▸ we must start at 6 o'clock 我们必须6点钟动身 
▸ to start for/from sth;
 起程去某处/从某处出发 
▸ I started after her to tell her the news 我起身朝她追去，要把消息告诉她 
▸ he started for the door, but I blocked his way 他向门口走去，但我拦住了他 ⑥ (begin to operate) 启动 qǐdòng 
▸ the car won't start 这辆车发动不起来 ⑦ (jump) 突然一惊 tūrán yī jīng 
▸ the sudden noise made her start 突如其来的声音吓了她一跳 ⑧ informal (begin to complain) 开始抱怨 kāishǐ bàoyuàn 
▸ don't start! I told you I'd be late 别抱怨啦！我跟你说过我会迟到的 B. transitive verb ① (begin to do) 开始做 kāishǐ zuò ;
 (begin to engage in) 开始从事 kāishǐ cóngshì ‹occupation›;
 (begin to experience) 开始经历 kāishǐ jīnglì ;
 (begin to attend) 开始上 kāishǐ shang ;
 (begin to use) 开始用 kāishǐ yòng 
▸ he's just started a new job 他刚刚开始干上一个新工作 
▸ the ship started its voyage at Auckland 船从奥克兰起航 
▸ I only started this book yesterday 我昨天才开始看这本书 
▸ he started laughing 他大笑起来 
▸ it started to rain 下起雨来了 
▸ he started life as a teacher before turning to journalism 他一开始当过教师，后来改行从事新闻工作 
▸ do you start the day with a good breakfast? 你早晨起来先要好好吃一顿早饭吗？ 
▸ she starts school today 她今天开学 
▸ we need to start a new jar of coffee 我们得新开一罐咖啡了 ② (cause to begin activity) 使动手 shǐ dòngshǒu 
▸ to start sb in business 帮助某人创业 
▸ the news started me thinking 那条消息让我思考起来 
▸ I must just get the kids started on their homework 我必须让孩子们动手做作业了 ③ (give signal in race) 给…发起跑信号 gěi… fā qǐpáo xìnhào ‹runners›④ (cause to begin) 使开始 shǐ kāishǐ ;
 (cause to happen) 使发生 shǐ fāshēng 
▸ to start a fire/an argument 生火/挑起争论 
▸ to start a family 开始生儿育女 
▸ to start something informal 惹事 
▸ stop fighting, you two! — he started it! 你们俩不要打了！──是他先动的手！ ⑤ (cause to begin operating) 启动 qǐdòng 
▸ I can’t get the car started 这辆车我发动不起来 C. noun ① (beginning) 开端 kāiduān 
▸ tomorrow's the start of a new school year 明天是新学年的第一天 
▸ the start of his speech was rather boring 他演讲的开头部分很乏味 
▸ the start of something big informal 大事的苗头 
▸ that's a good start 那是个不错的开端 
▸ the meeting got off to a good start 会议有了一个良好的开端 
▸ a perfect start to the holidays 假期的完美开端 
▸ at the start, I thought I could trust him 开始时我以为可以信赖他 
▸ at the start of the year 在年初 
▸ (right) from the start (of sth) 从（某事物）一开始 
▸ from start to finish 自始至终 
▸ for a start 首先 shǒuxiān ② (act of beginning sth) 开始 kāishǐ 
▸ I think you should make a start on your homework now 我想你现在该动手做作业了 
▸ to make an early start (on journey) 早早动身 (on work) 早早开始 
▸ to make a fresh or new start 开始新的生活 ③ (opportunity for beginning sth) 起始优势 qǐshǐ yōushì 
▸ to give one's children a good start in life 为孩子们奠定一个良好的人生基础 
▸ the job gave him his start in journalism 那份工作使他走上了从事新闻业的道路 ④ (useful initial contribution) 良好开端 liánghǎo kāiduān 
▸ I've written one page of my essay;
 it's not much, but it's a start 我的文章写了一页，虽然不多，却是个良好的开端 ⑤ (beginning of race) 起跑 qǐpǎo 
▸ the runners lined up at the start 赛跑运动员在起跑线上一字排开 
▸ the pistol went for the start of the 100 metres 百米赛跑起跑的发令枪响了 ⑥ (distance or time advantage) 起跑提前量 qǐpǎo tíqiánliàng 
▸ they gave me a 10-metre start in the race 他们在赛跑中让了我10米 
▸ he had an hour's start on me 他比我先出发1小时 ⑦ (race, competition) 参加的比赛 cānjiā de bǐsài 
▸ she has been beaten only once in six starts 她参加了6次比赛，只输了一次 ⑧ (sudden movement) 突然一动 tūrán yī dòng 
▸ she woke from the dream with a start 她从梦中惊醒 
▸ you gave me quite a start! 你吓了我一大跳！ D. to start with adverb phrase ① (firstly) 首先 shǒuxiān 
▸ to start with, we haven't enough money 首先我们的钱不够 ② (at first) 起初 qǐchū 
▸ she wasn't very keen on the idea to start with 她一开始并不太喜欢这个主意 ③ (at all) 丝毫 sīháo 
▸ I should never have told her to start with 我根本就不该告诉她 PHRASAL VERBS start back intransitive verb ① (begin to return) 动身返回 dòngshēn fǎnhuí 
▸ isn't it time we started back? 我们是不是该回去了？ ② (step back) 突然后退 tūrán hòutuì start in on transitive verb [start in on sb] informal (criticize) 开始批评 kāishǐ pīpíng ;
 (scold) 开始斥责 kāishǐ chìzé ;
 (shout at) 开始冲…叫嚷 kāishǐ chòng… jiàorǎng 
▸ she started in on me for being late 她因为我迟到了而数落我 start off A. intransitive verb ① (set off) 出发 chūfā 
▸ the horse started off at a steady trot 这匹马稳步小跑起来 
▸ he started off down the path to the village 他沿着小路向村庄走去 
▸ to start off on one's journey 踏上旅途 ② (do as a first stage) 首先做 shǒuxiān zuò 
▸ let’s start off with some gentle exercises/by introducing ourselves 我们先来做点强度小的运动/进行自我介绍 
▸ I started off working quite hard, but it didn’t last 我一开始干得很卖力，但没有坚持多久 
▸ she started off as a secretary and ended up a director 她起初是一名秘书，但最后成了主管 ③ (have as a first stage) 一开始是 yī kāishǐ shì 
▸ the leaves start off green but turn red later 树叶一开始是绿色，但后来会变红 B. [start sb off] transitive verb ① (cause to begin) 使开始做 shǐ kāishǐ zuò 
▸ the company started him off as a shipping clerk 公司一开始让他做的是运务员 
▸ don't start her off crying 别把她惹哭了 
▸ my mother started me off on the piano when I was three 我三岁时母亲就开始让我学钢琴了 
▸ what started her off on that crazy idea? 她怎么会有那么古怪的念头呢？ ② informal (make angry) 使生气 shǐ shēngqì ;
 (cause to laugh) 使发笑 shǐ fāxiào ;
 (cause to cry) 弄哭 nòngkū ③ (in race) 给…发起跑信号 gěi… fā qǐpáo xìnhào ‹runners›C. [start sth off, start off sth] transitive verb (do first stage of) 首先进行 shǒuxiān jìnxíng 
▸ we started off our tour with a visit to the palace 游览一开始，我们就先去参观了宫殿 
▸ they started off the season by losing their first four matches 赛季刚开始，他们就输了前4场比赛 start on transitive verb [start on sb] informal (criticize) 批评 pīpíng ;
 (complain about) 抱怨 bàoyuàn 
▸ don't start on me 别数落我 start on about transitive verb [start on about sb/sth] informal 开始抱怨 kāishǐ bàoyuàn 
▸ don't start on about him not having a job 不要埋怨他没有工作 start on at: transitive verb [start on at sb] informal 开始责备 kāishǐ zébèi 
▸ she started on at me again about getting some new clothes 她因为我买了几件新衣服又开始数落我了 start out intransitive verb ① (begin to do sth) 开始起步 kāishǐ qǐbù 
▸ he was just starting out in life when the accident happened 他的人生才开始，就出了那起事故 
▸ she started out on her legal career in 1997 她在1997年开始从事司法工作 ② (do sth initially) 最初做 zuìchū zuò 
▸ he started out as a salesman 他一开始做的是推销员 
▸ he started out in TV, but always hoped to move into films 他起初做电视业，但一直希望进入电影业发展 ③ (be initially) 一开始是 yī kāishǐ shì 
▸ the morning started out so beautifully 早晨刚开始的时候天气很好 
▸ what started out as a sideline soon became a major earner for the company 最初的副业很快成了公司利润的主要来源 ④ (intend initially) 起先打算 qǐxiān dǎsuàn 
▸ I started out to write a short story, but it soon developed into a novel 我本来打算写一部短篇小说，但很快就写成了一部长篇小说 ⑤ (set off) 出发 chūfā 
▸ they started out on their 20-mile hike 他们开始了20英里的远足 
▸ to start out for the airport 动身去机场 start over intransitive verb 重新开始 chóngxīn kāishǐ 
▸ she wasn’t happy with our work and made us start over 她对我们干的活儿不满意，让我们返工 start up A. intransitive verb ① (be set up) «business, organization» 成立 chénglì ② (set up business) 创业 chuàngyè 
▸ to start up in business 开始经商 
▸ he's started up as a consultant 他开始是做顾问 ③ (begin working) 启动 qǐdòng 
▸ I heard his car start up 我听见他的车发动了 ④ (begin to be heard) «noise, music» 响起 xiǎngqǐ B. transitive verb [start sth up, start up sth] ① (found) 创办 chuàngbàn ‹business, organization›② (cause to begin working) 启动 qǐdòng 
▸ can you start the car up please? 请你把车发动起来好吗？ 



state | BrE steɪt, AmE steɪt | A. noun ① countable (condition) 状况 zhuàngkuàng 
▸ sb's financial state 某人的经济状况 
▸ he is in a confused state of mind 他思维混乱 
▸ she's in a poor state of health 她健康状况不佳 
▸ the building is in a bad state of repair 这幢建筑年久失修 
▸ in a state of undress 赤身裸体的 
▸ he's not in a fit state to drive 他现在的状态不宜开车 ② countable informal (agitated condition) 焦虑不安 jiāolǜ bù'ān 
▸ to be in a state 焦虑不安 jiāolǜ bù'ān 
▸ to get (oneself) in or into a state 变得焦虑不安 ③ countable British informal (mess) 脏乱 zāngluàn 
▸ what a state this place is in! 这地方真够乱的！ 
▸ look at the state of you! 看看你这副邋遢样子！ ④ countable (molecular condition) 态 tài 
▸ a gaseous/solid state 气态/固态 
▸ water in a liquid state 液态水 ⑤ State countable (country) 国家 guójiā 
▸ a sovereign State 主权国家 
▸ EU member State 欧盟成员国 
▸ the State of Israel 以色列国 
▸ a State within a State 国中之国 ⑥ State countable (part of country) 州 zhōu 
▸ the southern States of the US 美国南部各州 ⑦ countable and uncountable (government) 政府 zhèngfǔ 
▸ matters or affairs of state 国家大事 
▸ the separation of church and state 政教分离 ⑧ uncountable (formal ceremony) 国事礼仪 guóshì lǐyí 
▸ robes of state 御礼袍 
▸ the President was driven in state to the White House 总统隆重地乘车前往白宫 
▸ she will lie in state in Westminster Abbey 她的遗体下葬前将安放在威斯敏斯特大教堂接受吊唁 B. States plural noun 
▸ the States informal = the United States of America 美国 Měiguó C. adjective ① (of government) 国家的 guójiā de 
▸ a state school/company 公立学校/国有企业 
▸ state benefits 政府救济金 ② (of part of country) 州的 zhōu de 
▸ state taxes 州税 
▸ the state legislature 州立法机关 ③ (ceremonial) 国事礼仪的 guóshì lǐyí de 
▸ a state banquet/coach 国宴/皇家马车 
▸ to go on a state visit to Tokyo 对东京进行国事访问 
▸ the state apartments 国事活动厅 guóshì huódòngtīng D. transitive verb ① (say, write) 陈述 chénshù 
▸ to state one's position 阐明立场 
▸ to state one's intention to run for election 表示打算参加竞选 
▸ he stated categorically that he knew nothing about the deal 他明确表示对此交易一无所知 
▸ it was stated that standards at the hospital were dropping 据称这家医院的医疗水准在下降 
▸ to state the obvious 陈述人尽皆知的情况 
▸ as stated above/below 如上/下所述 ② (provide as information) 说明 shuōmíng 
▸ to state one's name and address 报出姓名和住址 
▸ state clearly how many tickets you require 说清楚你需要多少张票 ③ (specify) 规定 guīdìng 
▸ this is not one of their stated aims 在他们的既定目标里没有这一条 
▸ do not exceed the stated dose 不要超过规定的剂量 
▸ you must arrive at the stated time or at the time stated 你必须在规定时间到达 ④ Law 陈述 chénshù 
▸ to state one's case 陈述案情 



stay | BrE steɪ, AmE steɪ | A. intransitive verb ① (remain in place) 停留 tíngliú 
▸ I can’t stay 我得走了 
▸ stay! (to dog) 别动！ 
▸ to stay in bed/(at) home 待在床上/家里 
▸ stay on this road until you come to a fork 沿着这条路一直走到岔路口 
▸ to stay to dinner 留下来吃晚餐 
▸ to stay for lunch/a cup of coffee 留下来吃午饭/喝杯咖啡 
▸ it will have to stay there (for) a few weeks 它还得在那儿放几周 
▸ I’ll stay and help you 我会留下来帮你 
▸ to stay put informal 留在原地 
▸ I taped the latch so that it would stay put 我用胶带粘住了门闩，这样它就掉不下来了 
▸ to be here to stay, to have come to stay informal 为多数人所接受 
▸ it looks like televised trials are here to stay 看来电视直播审判已经成了一种风气 ② (remain in particular state) 保持 bǎochí 
▸ he never stays angry for long 他生气的时间向来不会长 
▸ we promised to stay friends for ever 我们保证永远做朋友 
▸ inflation stayed below 4% last month 上个月的通货膨胀率保持在4%以下 
▸ to stay in teaching 继续教书 ③ (be guest or visitor) 暂住 zànzhù 
▸ do you like having people to stay? 你喜欢留客人住在家里吗？ 
▸ he's coming to stay (for) a few days 他要来住几天 
▸ to stay in a hotel 住在宾馆里 
▸ he’s staying with friends this weekend 这个周末他要和朋友们一起过 ④ (spend the night) 留宿 liúsù 
▸ to stay the night 过夜 guòyè ⑤ Scottish, South African (live permanently) 居住 jūzhù 
▸ where do you stay? 你家住在哪儿？ B. transitive verb ① (suspend, postpone) 延缓 yánhuǎn ‹proceedings›② (stop) 阻止 zǔzhǐ ;
 (delay) 推迟 tuīchí ;
 (check) 抑制 yìzhì 
▸ to stay the progress of a disease 防止病情恶化 
▸ to stay sb's hand (take hold of sb's hand) 抓住某人的手 (stop sb from doing sth) 阻止某人做某事 
▸ to stay one's hand 住手 figurative 作罢 zuòbà ③ 
▸ (run all of) to stay the distance/course 跑完全程/坚持到底 páowán quánchéng/jiānchí dàodǐ C. noun ① (period) 停留 tíngliú 
▸ I'm planning a stay of ten days or a ten day stay in London 我计划在伦敦逗留10天 
▸ to have an overnight stay in Singapore 在新加坡住一晚 
▸ he found out about her stays in mental hospitals 他发现她住过几次精神病院 ② Law 延缓 yánhuǎn 
▸ a stay of execution (court order) 缓期执行 (postponement) 暂缓执行 
▸ to grant (sb) a stay of execution 准予（某人）缓期执行 ③ (rope, wire) 支索 zhī suǒ D. stays plural noun History (corset) 胸衣 xiōngyī PHRASAL VERBS stay around intransitive verb 待着不走 dāizhe bù zǒu 
▸ I’ll stay around in case you need me 我就待在这儿，万一你用得着我 stay behind intransitive verb 留下 liúxia stay down intransitive verb ① (remain in stomach) «food, drink» 留在胃里 liú zài wèi li 
▸ I was so ill that not even water would stay down 我病得很重，连喝水都吐 ② (remain lowered) 保持在低处 bǎochí zài dīchù 
▸ the switch wouldn't stay down 这个开关按不下去 ③ (remain lying) 躺倒 tǎngdǎo 
▸ when he knocks you down, you stay down 如果他把你击倒，你就爬不起来了 ④ British (at school) 留级 liújí stay in intransitive verb ① (not go out) 待在家里 dāi zài jiā li ② (remain inserted) 固定住 gùdìng zhù 
▸ the nail wouldn't stay in as the wood was rotten 木头烂了，钉子钉不住 stay on intransitive verb ① (not fall off) 留在上面 liú zài shàngmian 
▸ my hat wouldn't stay on 我的帽子老是掉下来 
▸ the lid won't stay on properly 这个盖子盖不严实 ② British (continue education) 留下继续学习 liúxia jìxù xuéxí 
▸ to stay on in full-time education 继续接受全日制教育 
▸ he hopes to stay on at university and do research 他希望留在大学里继续学习并做研究工作 ③ (remain behind) 留下 liúxia 
▸ to stay on in Britain 留在英国 ④ (continue in work post) 继续在岗 jìxù zàigǎng 
▸ I would like him to stay on after his present contract expires 他现在的合同到期后，我想让他继续干下去 
▸ to stay on as a board member 继续担任董事 stay out intransitive verb ① (not return home) 待在外面 dāi zài wàimian 
▸ to stay out all night 彻夜不归 ② (continue on strike) 继续罢工 jìxù bàgōng 
▸ the miners stayed out (on strike) for a year 矿工们连续罢工一年 stay out of transitive verb [stay out of sth] ① (not enter) 待在…外面 dāi zài… wàimian 
▸ stay out of my room 不要进我的房间 ② (not interfere in) 不介入 bù jièrù 
▸ just stay out of my business! 别插手我的事！ ③ (avoid) 避开 bìkāi 
▸ to stay out of trouble/the sun 远离是非/避免日晒 ④ (not come within) 在…之外 zài… zhī wài 
▸ tell him to stay out of my way! 叫他不要挡我的路！ 
▸ to stay out of sight 不让人看见 stay over intransitive verb 过夜 guòyè stay together intransitive verb 待在一起 dāi zài yīqǐ stay up intransitive verb ① (not fall down) 保持不掉落 bǎochí bù diàoluò 
▸ the trousers were so big they just wouldn't stay up! 裤子太大了，老是掉下来！ 
▸ one wonders how these jerry-built houses stay up! 这些豆腐渣房子居然没倒掉，真是太奇怪了！ ② (go to bed late) 深夜不睡 shēnyè bù shuì 
▸ to stay up late 熬夜 
▸ I stayed up until 2 in the morning 我一直熬到凌晨两点 ③ (not be relegated) «team, club» 成功保级 chénggōng bǎojí stay with A. transitive verb [stay with sb] ① (be remembered by) 留在…的记忆中 liú zài… de jìyì zhōng 
▸ his words stayed with her all evening 整个晚上她的耳边都回响着他的话 ② (keep up with) 跟上 gēnshang B. [stay with sth] transitive verb (persevere with) 坚持做 jiānchí zuò 
▸ it's a difficult book to get into, but stay with it and you'll enjoy it 这本书很难读进去，但只要你坚持读，就会喜欢上它 



steal | BrE stiːl, AmE stil | A. transitive verb past tense stole past participle stolen ① (take illegally) 偷 tōu ‹money, property›
▸ to steal sth from sb/sth;
 偷某人/某处的某物 
▸ to steal sb's heart figurative 博得某人的欢心 
▸ to steal the show figurative 抢风头 ② figurative (take surreptitiously) 偷偷夺取 tōutōu duóqǔ 
▸ to steal an idea 剽窃观点 
▸ to steal a few minutes' sleep/peace 偷闲睡几分钟/享受几分钟的安静 
▸ to steal the credit for sth 把某事的功劳据为己有 
▸ to steal a glance at sth 偷看某物一眼 
▸ to steal a kiss 偷吻 
▸ to steal a scene from sb 抢某人的镜头 
▸ to steal a march on sb 抢先某人一步 B. intransitive verb past tense stole past participle stolen ① (take illegally) 偷盗 tōudào 
▸ to steal from sb 偷某人的东西 
▸ to steal from a car/house 从汽车/房子里偷东西 ② (creep) 偷偷移动 tōutōu yídòng 
▸ to steal up on sb;
 蹑手蹑脚靠近某人 
▸ to steal away 溜走 
▸ a sad expression stole across her face 她脸上流露出一丝伤感 C. noun ① informal (bargain) 便宜货 piányihuò 
▸ the watch was a steal! 那块手表等于白送！ ② (mainly US) (act of theft) 偷盗 tōudào 



steep1 | BrE stiːp, AmE stip | adjective ① (rising or falling at a sharp angle) 陡峭的 dǒuqiào de ‹hill›;
 陡的 dǒu de ‹slope, street, stairs, roof›
▸ a steep climb/descent/drop 陡直的攀升/下降/下落 ② (sharp) 急剧的 jíjù de ‹rise, increase, fall, decline›③ informal (unreasonable) 过高的 guò gāo de ‹price, cost, fee›
▸ that's a bit steep 那有点儿离谱 



stem1 | BrE stɛm, AmE stɛm | A. noun ① (of fruit, flower, leaf) 梗 gěng ② (of feather) 羽干 yǔgàn ③ (of glass, vase) 柄脚 bǐngjiǎo ④ (of pipe) 烟斗柄 yāndǒubǐng ⑤ (of letter) 干线 gànxiàn ⑥ (of musical note) 符干 fúgàn ⑦ (of word) 词干 cígàn ⑧ (of ship) 船头 chuántóu 
▸ from stem to stern 从船头到船尾 B. intransitive verb present participle stemming past tense, past participle stemmed 起源 qǐyuán 
▸ to stem from sth;
 «problem, anger» 起因于某事物 



step | BrE stɛp, AmE stɛp | A. noun ① countable (act of lifting foot) 迈步 màibù 
▸ to walk with slow steps 缓步行走 
▸ the water got deeper and deeper at or with every step 每走一步水就更深一些 
▸ she took a step towards the window 她向窗户迈了一步 
▸ to retrace one's steps 按原路返回 
▸ to change/break step 换步/走乱步伐 
▸ to fall into step (with or beside sb) （和某人）齐步行进 
▸ in/out of step (with sb/sth) (when walking, marching, dancing) （与某人/某物）步伐一致/不一致 (in conformity with/at odds with) （与某人/某物）想法一致/不一致 
▸ one step out of line, and you're finished! 只要越轨一步，你就完蛋了！ 
▸ to march in step with the music 踏着音乐的节拍齐步走 
▸ to be out of step with the times 跟不上时代 
▸ to watch or mind one's step (walk carefully) 走路小心 (behave properly) 言行谨慎 
▸ a or one step at a time 一步一个脚印地 ② countable (distance covered by pace) 一步 yī bù 
▸ she moved a step closer to me 她向我走近了一步 
▸ it’s only a few steps further 再走几步就到了 ③ countable (distance to or from somewhere) 步行距离 bùxíng jùlí 
▸ it's only a step to the station 到车站只有几步路 
▸ it was a good step from our house to the shops 从我们家到商店很远 ④ countable (sound of footsteps) 脚步声 jiǎobù shēng 
▸ we heard steps outside 我们听到外面有脚步声 ⑤ countable (footprint) 脚印 jiǎoyìn 
▸ a line of steps in the snow 雪地上的一行脚印 ⑥ countable (way of walking) 步态 bùtài 
▸ to walk with a quick/light step 快步走/以轻松的步子行走 
▸ to know/recognize sb's step 知道/认出某人走路的样子 ⑦ countable (of dance) 舞步 wǔbù 
▸ tango steps 探戈舞的舞步 ⑧ countable (stair) 梯级 tījí 
▸ we walked down some stone steps to the beach 我们走下几级石阶，来到海滩上 
▸ a flight of steps (inside building) 一段楼梯 (outside building) 一段台阶 
▸ she was sitting on the top/bottom step of the staircase 她坐在最上面/最下面一级楼梯上 ⑨ countable (doorstep) 门阶 ménjiē ⑩ countable (ladder rung) [梯子的] 横档 héngdàng ⑪ countable (move) 步骤 bùzhòu 
▸ the first/next step 第一步/下一步 
▸ it's a step in the right direction 这是朝正确方向迈出的一步 
▸ a major step forward in the treatment of the disease 治疗这一疾病的重大进展 
▸ to be a or one step ahead of sb/sth 领先某人/某事物一步 
▸ he was now one step closer to winning the title 他现在离赢得冠军又近了一步 
▸ they were one step away from victory 他们距离胜利仅一步之遥 
▸ one step forward, two steps back 进一步，退两步 
▸ to do sth one step at a time 按部就班 ⑫ countable (measure) 措施 cuòshī 
▸ to take steps to reduce pollution 采取措施减少污染 ⑬ countable (stage) 阶段 jiēduàn 
▸ to go a or one step further 再进一步 
▸ to take an idea a or one step further 进一步深化想法 
▸ I'm with you every step of the way 整个过程的每一步，我都和你在一起 ⑭ countable (position in hierarchy) 级别 jíbié 
▸ the first step on the managerial ladder 初级管理层 
▸ it represents an important step up in his career 这是他在事业上的一次重要晋升 ⑮ uncountable (aerobic exercise) 踏板操 tàbǎncāo 
▸ a step class 踏板操训练班 ⑯ countable US (musical interval) 音级 yīnjí B. steps plural noun ① (small ladder) 折梯 zhétī ② (stairs) (to upper floor) 楼梯 lóutī ;
 (in front of building) 台阶 táijiē C. intransitive verb present participle stepping past tense, past participle stepped ① (walk) 迈步 màibù 
▸ to step across a stream/in a puddle 趟过小溪/踏进水坑 
▸ to step into a boat/on to a train 登上小船/火车 
▸ she stepped into/out of the dress 她穿上/脱下了连衣裙 
▸ to step on sb's foot 踩到某人的脚 
▸ to step on it or the gas informal 加快 
▸ to step out of line (break military ranks) 出列 (behave badly) 出格 ② formal (come) 行走 xíngzǒu 
▸ please step this way 请走这边 
▸ to step into sb's office 走进某人的办公室 D. transitive verb present participle stepping past tense, past participle stepped ① (construct in series of levels) 使成阶梯状 shǐ chéng jiētīzhuàng 
▸ the garden was stepped 花园建成了阶梯状 ② (organize in stages) 分段安排 fēnduàn ānpái 
▸ the tax should be stepped 税收应该划分等级 PHRASAL VERBS step aside intransitive verb ① (move to one side) 让开 ràngkāi 
▸ she stepped aside to let them pass 她站到一边让他们过去 ② (leave post) 让位 ràngwèi 
▸ to step aside for or in favour of sb;
 让位于某人 step back intransitive verb ① (move backwards) 后退 hòutuì 
▸ she stepped back from the table 她从桌子旁向后退 
▸ going into the hotel is like stepping back in time 走进这家宾馆就像是回到了过去 ② (mentally detach oneself from) 退后一步思考 tuìhòu yī bù sīkǎo 
▸ we are learning to step back from ourselves 我们正努力学着走出自我的樊篱来看问题 step down intransitive verb ① (come down) 走下来 zǒu xialai 
▸ to step down from the train 走下火车 ② (resign) 让位 ràngwèi 
▸ he stepped down from the chairmanship of the party 他从党主席的位置上退了下来 
▸ to step down in favour of sb 让位于某人 
▸ he stepped down as Scotland’s coach 他辞去了苏格兰队教练的职务 step forward intransitive verb ① (move forward) 向前迈步 xiàng qián màibù ② (offer help or information) 主动站出来 zhǔdòng zhàn chulai 
▸ we are appealing for volunteers to step forward 我们呼吁志愿者自告奋勇 step in intransitive verb ① (intervene) 介入 jièrù 
▸ a local businessman stepped in with a large donation for the school 当地一位商人出面捐了一大笔钱给学校 
▸ the coach was forced to step in to stop the two athletes from coming to blows 教练被迫出面干预，阻止这两名运动员斗殴 ② (act as substitute) 代替 dàitì 
▸ thanks for stepping in when David became ill 谢谢你在戴维生病期间接替他 step out intransitive verb ① (go out) 出去 chūqu 
▸ she's just stepped out for a few minutes 她刚出去了几分钟 ② US informal dated (have relationship) 约会 yuēhuì 
▸ to step out with sb;
 与某人约会 ③ (stride) 大步走 dà bù zǒu step out on transitive verb [step out on sb] US informal 对…不忠 duì… bù zhōng step outside intransitive verb ① (go out) 出去 chūqu 
▸ I opened the door and stepped outside 我开门走了出去 ② (go out for fight) 出去较量 chūqu jiàoliàng step up A. intransitive verb ① (move forward) 向前走 xiàng qián zǒu 
▸ she stepped up to receive her prize 她走上前去领奖 ② (mainly US) (agree to help) 同意帮忙 tóngyì bāngmáng 
▸ it's time you stepped up 该你站出来帮忙了 B. transitive verb [step sth up, step up sth] (increase) 增加 zēngjiā 
▸ to step up one's efforts to do sth 更加努力地做某事 
▸ he has stepped up his training to prepare for the race 他加强了训练，为那场赛跑做准备 



sterilize | BrE ˈstɛrɪlʌɪz, AmE ˈstɛrəˌlaɪz | transitive verb ① (remove germs from) 给…消毒 gěi… xiāodú ‹bottle, instrument, dressing›
▸ sterilized milk 杀菌牛奶 ② (make infertile) 使…绝育 shǐ… juéyù ‹person, animal, plant›



stick1 | BrE stɪk, AmE stɪk | A. noun ① countable (piece of wood from tree) 枝条 zhītiáo 
▸ a dry stick 枯枝 
▸ her arms were like sticks 她的双臂骨瘦如柴 
▸ to get (hold of)/have the wrong end of the stick British informal 出错/误解 
▸ to up sticks British informal 突然搬家 ② countable (mainly British) (walking aid) 拐棍 guǎigùn 
▸ the old lady leant on her stick as she talked 老太太说话时拄着拐棍 ③ countable (as weapon) 棍子 gùnzi ④ countable (in hockey, polo, lacrosse) 球棍 qiúgùn ⑤ countable (for food item) 小棍 xiǎogùn 
▸ pieces of pineapple on sticks 一串串插在小棍上的菠萝块 ⑥ countable (stalk) 茎 jīng 
▸ a stick of celery/rhubarb 一株芹菜/大黄 ⑦ countable (cylindrical container) 棍状物 gùnzhuàngwù 
▸ a stick of dynamite/glue 一根炸药棒/胶棒 ⑧ countable (strip, length) 条状物 tiáozhuàngwù 
▸ carrot sticks 胡萝卜条 
▸ a stick of butter US 一条黄油 
▸ a stick of gum 一支口香糖 ⑨ countable (group of bombs) 集束炸弹 jíshù zhàdàn ⑩ countable usually plural 
▸ informal (piece of furniture) a few sticks (of furniture) 几件家具 jǐ jiàn jiājù 
▸ there wasn't a stick of furniture left 一件家具也没剩下 ⑪ uncountable British informal (criticism) 批评 pīpíng 
▸ to get or take (some or a lot of) stick (from sb) 受到（某人的）严厉批评 
▸ to give sb (some or a lot of) stick 严厉批评某人 ⑫ countable 
▸ British dated informal (person) he's a funny/dull old stick 他是个老活宝/无趣的老家伙 tā shì gè lǎo huóbǎo/wúqù de lǎo jiāhuo ⑬ countable (mainly US) informal (joystick) 操纵杆 cāozònggǎn ⑭ countable US informal (gear lever) 变速杆 biànsùgǎn B. sticks plural noun 
▸ informal the sticks 边远乡村地区 biānyuǎn xiāngcūn dìqū 
▸ we live out in the sticks 我们住在偏远的乡下 



stimulate | BrE ˈstɪmjʊleɪt, AmE ˈstɪmjəˌleɪt | transitive verb ① (encourage) 刺激 cìjī ‹development, appetite›;
 激励 jīlì ‹person›;
 激发 jīfā ‹interest, creativity›
▸ to stimulate sb to do sth;
 激励某人做某事 ② Physiology «hormone, process» 促进…的功能 cùjìn… de gōngnéng ‹ovulation, gland, cell, nerve›



sting | BrE stɪŋ, AmE stɪŋ | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle stung ① (wound) «bee» 蜇 zhē ;
 «insect» 叮 dīng ② (cause pain to) «smoke, whip, wind, nettle» 刺疼 cìténg ‹person, skin, eyes›③ figurative (hurt) «remark, insult, criticism» 刺痛 cìtòng 
▸ to sting sb into action 刺激某人采取行动 ④ informal (swindle) 敲诈 qiāozhà 
▸ to sting sb for sth;
 宰某人某数额 
▸ to sting sb for £10 敲某人10英镑的竹杠 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle stung ① (hurt, be site of pain) «cut, hand, eyes» 感觉刺痛 gǎnjué cìtòng 
▸ it stings! 真蜇人！ 
▸ to sting from or with sth;
 因某物而感到刺痛 ② (cause pain) «nettle, insect» 引起刺痛感 yǐnqǐ cìtòng gǎn 
▸ bitter remarks that really stung 十分伤人的刻薄话 C. noun ① (wound) (of bee, wasp, scorpion) 蜇伤 zhēshāng ;
 (of mosquito) 叮伤 dīngshāng ;
 (of plant) 刺伤 cìshāng ② (organ) (of insect, scorpion) 蜇针 zhēzhēn ;
 (of plant) 刺 cì ③ (pain) 刺痛 cìtòng ④ figurative (hurtful effect) 痛苦 tòngkǔ 
▸ to take the sting out of sth 减轻某事物引起的痛苦 
▸ a sting in the tail 煞风景的结局 ⑤ (mainly US) informal (in con game, law enforcement) 圈套 quāntào 
▸ a sting operation 诱捕的圈套 



stink | BrE stɪŋk, AmE stɪŋk | A. intransitive verb past tense stank or stunk past participle stunk ① (smell) 有臭味 yǒu chòuwèi 
▸ to stink of sth;
 有某种臭味 
▸ to stink of petrol/garlic 有汽油/大蒜味 
▸ the room is filthy, it stinks 房间很脏，熏死人 ② informal (be unpleasant) «organization, place» 令人厌恶 lìng rén yànwù ;
 «situation, state of affairs» 糟糕透顶 zāogāo tòudǐng 
▸ to stink of sth;
 有做某事的嫌疑 
▸ to stink of corruption/injustice 有腐败/不公正的嫌疑 
▸ the contract stinks! 这份合同糟糕透了！ B. noun uncountable ① (smell) 恶臭 èchòu ② informal (row) 吵闹 chǎonào 
▸ there'll be a (hell of a) stink over this! 此事会引起轩然大波！ 
▸ to kick up or cause a stink about sth 为某事物大闹一场 
▸ like stink 十分卖力地 PHRASAL VERB stink out transitive verb [stink sth out, stink out sth] «person» 使…充满臭气 shǐ… chōngmǎn chòuqì ‹house, place›;
 «smell» 熏臭 xūnchòu ‹house, place›



stir | BrE stəː, AmE stər | A. transitive verb present participle stirring past tense, past participle stirred ① (mix) 搅动 jiǎodòng 
▸ she stirred her tea with a silver spoon 她用银汤匙搅了搅茶 
▸ the vegetables are stirred into the rice while it is hot 趁米饭热时把蔬菜拌进去 ② (move slightly) 使微动 shǐ wēi dòng 
▸ a gentle breeze stirred the branches 微风吹动了树枝 ③ (cause to take action) 使行动 shǐ xíngdòng 
▸ their complaints have finally stirred him into action 他们的抱怨最终促使他采取了行动 
▸ a noise stirred me from sleep 响声把我从睡梦中惊醒 ④ (affect emotionally) 使…激动 shǐ… jīdòng ‹person›;
 激发 jīfā ‹emotions, imagination, curiosity›
▸ the film stirred many memories of my childhood 这部电影唤起了我童年的许多记忆 
▸ the sight of the hungry children stirred her to pity 孩子们饥饿的样子使她动了恻隐之心 
▸ to stir the blood 令人激动 ⑤ 
▸ British informal to stir it (cause trouble) 挑拨是非 tiǎobō shìfēi B. intransitive verb present participle stirring past tense, past participle stirred ① (mix) 搅动 jiǎodòng 
▸ stir well before use 使用前先充分搅拌 ② (move slightly) 微动 wēi dòng 
▸ she stirred in her sleep 她在睡梦中微微动了一下 ③ (wake up) 醒来 xǐnglái 
▸ it was 11 o'clock, and still no one was stirring 已经11点了，还没有人起来 ④ (budge) 离开 líkāi 
▸ you haven’t stirred from the sofa all evening! 你坐在沙发上一晚上没动了！ 
▸ he seldom stirred out of his house 他很少出门 ⑤ (begin to be felt) 萌生 méngshēng 
▸ old memories began to stir as we talked 我们交谈时，对往事的回忆渐渐涌上心头 
▸ a feeling of guilt began to stir in her or in her heart 她心里渐渐生出了内疚感 ⑥ British informal (cause trouble) 挑拨是非 tiǎobō shìfēi C. to stir oneself reflexive verb present participle stirring past tense, past participle stirred 行动起来 xíngdòng qilai 
▸ come on, stir yourself! you’re late! 快，快走吧！你要迟到了！ D. noun ① countable (act of mixing) 搅动 jiǎodòng 
▸ to give sth a stir 把某物搅一搅 ② countable (commotion) 骚动 sāodòng 
▸ to cause or create or make a stir 引起骚动 
▸ her resignation caused quite a stir 她的辞职引起很大震动 ③ uncountable informal (prison) 监牢 jiānláo 
▸ to be in stir 坐牢 PHRASAL VERBS stir in: transitive verb [to stir sth in, to stir in sth] 把…搅进去 bǎ… jiǎo jìnqu ‹liquid, substance›stir up A. [stir sth up, stir up sth] transitive verb ① (elicit) 激起 jīqǐ ‹emotions›
▸ the photographs stirred up old memories 这些照片唤起了对往事的记忆 
▸ a campaign to stir up support for the plan 为该计划寻求支持的活动 ② (cause) 挑起 tiǎoqǐ ‹trouble, debate›
▸ to stir things up 挑起事端 ③ (move around) 搅起 jiǎoqǐ 
▸ the swirling wind stirred up dust and sand 旋风扬起了沙尘 B. [stir sb up, to stir up sb] transitive verb (excite) 鼓动 gǔdòng 
▸ they were stirred up to rebellion 他们被煽动起来参加叛乱 



stitch | BrE stɪtʃ, AmE stɪtʃ | A. noun ① countable (in sewing, embroidery, knitting, crochet) 一针 yī zhēn 
▸ to drop a stitch 漏一针 
▸ very small, neat stitches 很细密整齐的针脚 
▸ a stitch in time saves nine proverb 小洞不补，大洞吃苦 
▸ she didn't have stitch on or wasn't wearing a stitch 她一丝不挂 ② uncountable and countable (style) (of crochet) 针法 zhēnfǎ ;
 (of knitting) 编结法 biānjiéfǎ 
▸ embroidery/knitting stitch 刺绣/编织法 ③ countable Medicine 缝线 féngxiàn 
▸ to have stitches 缝针 
▸ she had 10 stitches 她被缝了10针 
▸ to have one's stitches out 拆线 ④ countable (sharp pain) [胁部的] 突然剧痛 tūrán jùtòng 
▸ to have a stitch 出现岔气 
▸ to be in stitches 岔气 
▸ to have sb in stitches 逗得某人笑岔气 B. transitive verb ① (in sewing) 缝 féng ‹seam, buttonhole›;
 (in embroidery) 绣 xiù ‹fabric›;
 (in knitting, crochet) 编织 biānzhī 
▸ hand-stitched 手工缝制的 
▸ machine-stitched 机器缝制的 
▸ to stitch sth on to/into sth;
 把某物缝到某物上/里面 ② Medicine 缝合 fénghé ‹wound, cut, body part›PHRASAL VERBS stitch down transitive verb [stitch sth down, stitch down sth] 缝住 féngzhù ‹facing, flap, lining›stitch on transitive verb [stitch sth on, stitch on sth] 把…缝上 bǎ… féngshang ‹button, braid›stitch together transitive verb [stitch sth together] ① literal 缝合 fénghé ‹wound›;
 缝补 féngbǔ ‹pieces of cloth›② figurative (arrange, secure) 促成 cùchéng ‹package, deal, compromise›stitch up: transitive verb ① [stitch up sth, stitch sth up] literal 缝 féng ‹hem›;
 缝合 fénghé ‹wound›② [stitch up sb, stitch sb up] British informal (make appear guilty) 诬陷 wūxiàn 



stoop1 | BrE stuːp, AmE stup | A. intransitive verb ① (lean forward) 俯身 fǔshēn 
▸ to stoop down 弯下腰 
▸ to stoop over sth;
 俯身到某物上 ② (be bent over) 弓背 gōngbèi 
▸ to stoop with age 因上了年纪而驼背 ③ (debase oneself) 降低身份 jiàngdī shēnfèn ;
 (condescend) 屈尊 qūzūn 
▸ to stoop to do sth;
 降低身份做某事 
▸ to stoop so low as to do sth 卑鄙到做某事的程度 B. transitive verb 使…弯曲 shǐ… wānqū ‹head, shoulders›C. noun 弓背 gōngbèi 
▸ to have a stoop 驼背 
▸ to walk with a stoop 驼着背走路 



stop | BrE stɒp, AmE stɑp | A. intransitive verb present participle stopping past tense, past participle stopped ① (cease moving) 停住 tíngzhù 
▸ stop or I'll shoot! 站住，否则我要开枪了！ 
▸ the car stopped at the traffic lights 汽车在交通信号灯前停下来 ② (not continue, end) 停止 tíngzhǐ 
▸ we'll work until seven and then stop for the day 我们将工作到7点，然后今天就不干了 
▸ the bus service stops at midnight 公交车午夜收车 
▸ the rain seems to be stopping 雨好像要停了 
▸ the bleeding's stopped 血止住了 
▸ without stopping 毫不停歇地 
▸ not to know when to stop 不知道适可而止 
▸ to stop at nothing (to do sth) 不择手段（做某事） ③ (pause for short time) 暂停 zàntíng 
▸ I’m hungry, let’s stop for lunch 我饿了，我们停下来吃午饭吧 
▸ people just don’t stop to think about the consequences of their actions 人们做事情就是不肯停下来想想他们行为的后果 
▸ he stopped and bought some flowers 他停下来买了一些花 ④ British informal (stay) 停留 tíngliú 
▸ we stopped two days in Paris on the way back 我们回来时在巴黎停留了两天 
▸ will they be stopping for dinner? 他们会留下来吃晚饭吗？ 
▸ I'd love to stop and chat, but I'm late already 我很愿意留下来聊聊，可是我已经迟到了 ⑤ Transport (make scheduled halt) 靠站 kàozhàn 
▸ main-line trains stop at platform 5 干线火车停靠第5站台 ⑥ (cease operating) 停止运转 tíngzhǐ yùnzhuǎn 
▸ my watch has stopped 我的表停了 
▸ I felt as if my heart had stopped 我觉得好像我的心都不跳了 B. transitive verb present participle stopping past tense, past participle stopped ① (halt action of, put an end to) 使停止 shǐ tíngzhǐ 
▸ we were stopped by the police for speeding 我们因为超速被警察截住了 
▸ to stop an engine 使发动机停转 
▸ to stop the clock 停止计时 
▸ stop me if I’m boring you 你要觉得我烦就打断我 
▸ the pistol will stop a man at 30 metres 这把手枪能把距离30米远的人撂倒 
▸ rain stopped play 因雨停赛 
▸ I can't stop the bleeding 我止不住血 
▸ strikes have stopped production in several factories 罢工已经造成好几家工厂停产 ② (quit) 停止 tíngzhǐ 
▸ to stop smoking 戒烟 
▸ he never stops talking 他总是说个没完 
▸ please stop crying and tell me what’s wrong 快别哭了，告诉我出了什么事 
▸ stop it! you're hurting me 住手！你把我弄疼了 
▸ I'm stopping my subscription as from next month 我将从下月起停止订阅 ③ (prevent) 阻止 zǔzhǐ 
▸ to stop pollution 防止污染 
▸ I'm leaving and you can't stop me! 我要走，你拦不住我！ 
▸ how can I stop this bowl (from) leaking? 我怎样才能让这个碗不漏呢？ ④ (refuse to provide) 停止提供 tíngzhǐ tígōng 
▸ to stop sb's salary 停发某人的薪水 ⑤ British (deduct) 扣除 kòuchú 
▸ they've stopped the money out of my wages 他们从我的工资里扣除了那笔钱 ⑥ British (withhold payment on) 止付 zhǐ fù ‹cheque›⑦ informal (be hit by) 被…击中 bèi… jīzhòng ‹bullet›
▸ he stopped one just as he was climbing out of the trench 他爬出战壕时被一颗子弹击中 ⑧ (plug) 堵塞 dǔsè 
▸ to stop a bottle 把瓶子塞住 
▸ to stop one's ears 捂住耳朵 ⑨ Music (press down or cover with finger) 按住 ànzhù ‹string, hole›C. noun ① (halt) 停止 tíngzhǐ 
▸ they worked six hours without a stop 他们连续工作了6个小时 
▸ in stops and starts 时断时续地 
▸ she brought the car to a stop 她停下了车 
▸ work on the project is at or has come to a full stop 这个项目的工作完全停了下来 
▸ to put a stop to sth 结束某事 ② (short break in journey) 停留 tíngliú 
▸ we had or made a short stop for coffee 我们曾短暂停下来喝咖啡 
▸ we made an overnight stop in Hong Kong 我们在香港停留过夜 ③ Transport (stopping place) 车站 chēzhàn 
▸ I'm getting off at the next stop 我在下一站下车 
▸ it's about two stops farther on 还要过去大约两站路 ④ British dated (punctuation mark) 标点符号 biāodiǎn fúhào [尤指句号] ⑤ (in telegrams) [句号的代字]
▸ meet you at the airport stop 在机场接你，句号 ⑥ (object preventing movement) 止动器 zhǐdòngqì 
▸ the door was pushed back on to the stop 门被推开固定在门吸上 ⑦ Music (knob on organ) 音栓 yīnshuān 
▸ to pull out all the stops (to do sth) informal (try one's utmost) 竭尽全力（做某事） (go to a lot of trouble) 煞费苦心（做某事） ⑧ Music (set of organ pipes) 音管 yīnguǎn ⑨ Photography (aperture) 光圈 guāngquān D. to stop oneself reflexive verb present participle stopping past tense, past participle stopped ① (prevent oneself) 阻止自己 zǔzhǐ zìjǐ 
▸ I nearly fell, but I stopped myself 我差点跌倒，不过我稳住了我自己 
▸ to stop oneself doing or British from doing sth;
 阻止自己做某事 zǔzhǐ zìjǐ zuò mǒu shì 
▸ he couldn't stop himself from thinking about it 他忍不住去想这件事 
▸ she had to grab on to a crate to stop herself overbalancing 她只得抓住一个板条箱，以使自己保持平衡 ② (restrain oneself) 克制自己 kèzhì zìjǐ 
▸ I couldn't stop myself 我忍不住 wǒ rěnbuzhù 
▸ to stop oneself doing or British from doing sth;
 克制自己不做某事 kèzhì zìjǐ bù zuò mǒu shì 
▸ he tried to stop himself from telling her 他努力忍住不告诉她 
▸ I had to stop myself laughing out loud 我只好忍住不大声笑出来 
▸ I tried to stop myself (from) crying 我努力忍住不哭 wǒ nǔlì rěnzhù bù kū 
▸ I only just stopped myself giving the game away 我勉强没有泄露秘密 PHRASAL VERBS stop away intransitive verb British informal ① (not go) 不去 bù qù 
▸ if you stop away from lectures, you may fail the exams 如果你不去上课，就可能会考试不及格 ② (not come) 不来 bù lái 
▸ to stop away from sth;
 不来某处 stop behind intransitive verb British informal 留下 liúxia 
▸ I had to stop behind after school 我不得不在放学之后留下 
▸ to stop behind to do sth;
 留下来做某事 stop by A. intransitive verb 顺路造访 shùnlù zàofǎng 
▸ I’ll stop by this evening for a chat/at his place 今晚我想过去聊聊/顺路去他家坐坐 B. transitive verb [stop by sth] 顺路造访 shùnlù zàofǎng 
▸ could you stop by the shop on the way home for some bread? 你回家时顺路到那家店买些面包好吗？ 
▸ we stopped by her house to give her the tickets 我们顺便到她家去把票给她 stop down transitive verb [stop sth down, stop down sth] 缩小…的光圈 suōxiǎo… de guāngquān ‹lens›;
 缩小 suōxiǎo ‹aperture›stop in intransitive verb British informal ① (stay in) 待在家里 dāi zài jiā li ② (call in) 顺路造访 shùnlù zàofǎng 
▸ he stopped in to buy some bread on his way home 回家路上他顺便去买了一些面包 stop off intransitive verb 中途停留 zhōngtú tíngliú 
▸ we stopped off at a hotel for the night 我们中途停下来在一家旅馆过夜 stop out intransitive verb British informal 夜里很晚不回家 yèli hěn wǎn bù huíjiā 
▸ to stop out all night 整夜不回家 stop over intransitive verb ① (break journey) 中途停留 zhōngtú tíngliú 
▸ I wanted to stop over in India on the way to Australia 去澳大利亚的途中我想在印度稍作停留 ② British informal (stay over) 过夜 guòyè stop up A. transitive verb [stop sth up, stop up sth] 堵塞 dǔsè ‹hole, opening›
▸ the drainpipe was stopped up with leaves 排水管被树叶堵住了 B. intransitive verb British informal 熬夜 áoyè 
▸ to stop up to see the New Year in 熬夜等待新年的到来 



store | BrE stɔː, AmE stɔr | A. noun ① countable (large shop) 大型百货商店 dàxíng bǎihuò shāngdiàn ② countable (mainly US) (shop of any size) 商店 shāngdiàn 
▸ before noun the store owner 店主 ③ before noun (mainly US) (not home-made) 商店售卖的 shāngdiàn shòumài de ‹cake, cookies›④ countable (supply, stock, accumulation) 贮存物 zhùcúnwù 
▸ to lay in or keep a store of food 储存食物 
▸ a vast store of knowledge 丰富的知识储备 ⑤ countable (storage place) 仓库 cāngkù 
▸ a grain/munition store 粮仓/军火库 ⑥ uncountable (storage) 储存 chǔcún 
▸ to put sth in(to) store 把某物储存起来 
▸ in store 储存着 figurative (waiting to happen) 即将发生 jíjiāng fāshēng 
▸ goods in store 存货 
▸ it looks like there's trouble in store 看起来好像会有麻烦 
▸ they think it’ll be easy, but they have a surprise in store 他们认为这很容易，但是他们会大吃一惊的 
▸ what does the future have or hold in store for us? 我们的未来会是怎样呢？ ⑦ uncountable (importance) 重要性 zhòngyàoxìng ;
 (value) 价值 jiàzhí 
▸ to set or lay or put store by or on sth 看重某事物 
▸ he sets great store by your advice 他非常重视你的建议 B. stores plural noun ① (supplies) 补给品 bǔjǐpǐn 
▸ medical/military stores 医疗用品/军需品 ② (storage area) 补给品仓库 bǔjǐpǐn cāngkù C. transitive verb ① (put away, accumulate) 储存 chǔcún 
▸ to store lemons in a cool dry place 把柠檬存放在凉爽干燥处 
▸ the squirrels store nuts for the winter 松鼠会为过冬储存坚果 ② (put into storage) 收存 shōucún ‹furniture, personal belongings›③ (hold) 容纳 róngnà 
▸ the cupboard can store all the books 这个橱柜放得下所有的书 ④ Computing 存储 cúnchǔ 
▸ the data is stored on disk 数据存在磁盘上 ⑤ (retain mentally) 记住 jìzhù 
▸ I can't store these dates in my memory 我记不住这些日期 D. intransitive verb «food» 可保存 kě bǎocún 
▸ these truffles will store for up to two weeks in the fridge 这些松露在冰箱里可以存放两个星期 PHRASAL VERBS store away transitive verb [store sth away, store away sth] ① (put away) 储存 chǔcún 
▸ those old clothes are stored away in the attic 那些旧衣服存放在阁楼上 ② (retain mentally) 记住 jìzhù 
▸ she wondered what secrets were stored away in his brain 她想知道他的头脑中都藏了些什么秘密 store up transitive verb [store sth up, store up sth] ① (accumulate) 储备 chǔbèi 
▸ animals were storing up food for the winter 动物们在储备过冬的食物 ② (bottle up) 把…郁积在心 bǎ… yùjī zài xīn ‹strong feelings›
▸ she had stored up all her anger and eventually snapped 她把所有的愤怒都憋在心里，最后终于爆发了 ③ (not deal with) 使…积累 shǐ… jīlěi ‹problems›
▸ by ignoring your feelings, you are only storing up trouble for yourself 你回避自己的感情问题，将来必有麻烦 



strain | BrE streɪn, AmE streɪn | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (pressure on person or relationship) 压力 yālì 
▸ I found it a strain having to concentrate for so long 我觉得这么长时间全神贯注挺累的 
▸ these repayments are putting a strain on our finances 偿还这些债款使我们背负上了财务压力 
▸ their marriage is under great strain at the moment 眼下他们的婚姻关系非常紧张 
▸ relax, and let us take the strain 你歇一歇，让我们来顶一会儿 ② uncountable (tense state) 紧张 jǐnzhāng 
▸ mental/nervous strain 精神/神经紧张 ③ uncountable and countable (force) 作用力 zuòyònglì 
▸ the rope broke under the strain 绳子拉断了 
▸ don't place too much strain on muscles and joints 不要让肌肉和关节太吃力 ④ uncountable and countable (injury) 劳损 láosǔn 
▸ a muscle/thigh strain 肌肉劳损/大腿拉伤 ⑤ countable (type) 种类 zhǒnglèi 
▸ a new strain of rice 水稻新品种 
▸ this is only one of the many strains of the disease 这种病有许多类型，这只是其中一种 ⑥ countable (quality) 特性 tèxìng 
▸ there is a strain of musical talent in the family 这一家人有音乐天赋 
▸ a strain of melancholy runs through his poems 他的诗歌当中贯穿着一种忧伤的格调 ⑦ countable formal (style) 风格 fēnggé 
▸ to continue to speak in the same strain 用同样的语气往下说 B. strains plural noun literary 旋律 xuánlǜ 
▸ they left the church to the strains of Mendelssohn's Wedding March 他们在门德尔松的《婚礼进行曲》的音乐声中离开了教堂 C. transitive verb ① (injure) 使劳损 shǐ láosǔn 
▸ to strain a muscle 拉伤肌肉 
▸ to strain one's eyes reading by candlelight 因就着烛光看书弄坏眼睛 
▸ exercise gently and avoid straining yourself 运动的时候动作要轻柔，以免弄伤自己 ② (exert) 尽力使用 jìnlì shǐyòng 
▸ to strain one's ears (to hear sth) 竖起耳朵（听某声响） 
▸ to strain one's neck (to do sth) 伸长脖子（做某事） 
▸ to strain oneself to do sth 竭尽全力做某事 ③ (make excessive demands on) 使不堪承受 shǐ bù kān chéngshòu 
▸ to strain relations between two countries 使两国关系紧张起来 
▸ to strain sth to the limit 使某事物达到极限 ④ (stretch) 拉紧 lājǐn 
▸ the rope was strained to breaking point 绳子快要拉断了 ⑤ (remove liquid from) 过滤 guòlǜ 
▸ to use a colander to strain the vegetables 把蔬菜放在滤箩里控水 
▸ to strain the water from the vegetables 把蔬菜里的水滤掉 D. intransitive verb ① (exert oneself) 尽力 jìnlì 
▸ if you strain too hard, you'll injure yourself 如果太用力，你会弄伤自己的 
▸ I had to strain to hear what they were saying 我得竖起耳朵去听他们在说些什么 
▸ he burst to the surface, straining for air 他猛地冒出水面，拼命吸气 ② (pull on) 用力拉 yònglì lā ;
 (push against) 用力推 yònglì tuī 
▸ she strained against the ropes that held her 她使劲想挣脱拴住她的绳子 
▸ the bear strained at the chain around its neck 熊使劲拽脖子上的链子 PHRASAL VERB strain off transitive verb [strain sth off, strain off sth] 滤掉 lǜ diào ‹liquid›
▸ she strained the water off (from) the vegetables 她把蔬菜滤干 



stray | BrE streɪ, AmE streɪ | A. intransitive verb ① (wander) 走失 zǒushī 
▸ the military arrested anyone who strayed into the exclusion zone 军方逮捕了所有误入禁区的人 
▸ to stray from the path 偏离道路 ② (move casually) 漫不经心地移动 màn bù jīngxīn de yídòng 
▸ her eyes kept straying over to the clock on the wall 她的目光不时瞟向墙上的钟 ③ (be distracted) 偏离正题 piānlí zhèngtí 
▸ to let one's thoughts stray 分心 
▸ to stray from sth/back to sth;
 偏离某事物/失神回想某事 ④ euphemistic (be unfaithful) «husband, wife, partner» 有外遇 yǒu wàiyù ⑤ formal dated Religion 误入歧途 wù rù qítú 
▸ to stray from the path of righteousness 偏离正道 B. adjective attributive ① (lost) 流浪的 liúlàng de 
▸ a stray dog/child 流浪狗/流浪儿 ② (isolated, random) 零星的 língxīng de 
▸ a stray bullet 流弹 
▸ there were a few stray passers-by in the empty streets 空荡荡的街上只有寥寥几个行人 
▸ a few stray hairs 几根散乱的头发 C. noun ① (domestic animal) 走失的宠物 zǒushī de chǒngwù ;
 (farm animal) 走失的家畜 zǒushī de jiāchù 
▸ a home for strays 流浪动物收容所 ② (lost person) 走散者 zǒusànzhě 



stress | BrE strɛs, AmE strɛs | A. noun ① uncountable (anxious state) 精神压力 jīngshén yālì 
▸ to be under/suffer from stress 在压力下/有精神压力 
▸ emotional/mental/nervous stress 感情负担/思想负担/精神压力 ② countable (factor causing anxiety) 紧张 jǐnzhāng 
▸ we needed time to rest and relax after the stresses of the journey 经历了旅途的紧张劳累，我们需要时间休息和放松 
▸ the stresses and strains of modern life 现代生活的紧张和压力 ③ uncountable and countable (physical pressure) 压力 yālì 
▸ to put or impose stress on sth 给某物加压 
▸ to be under stress 受到应力 
▸ a stress of 500 kg 500千克的压力 ④ uncountable (emphasis) 强调 qiángdiào 
▸ she lays or puts or places stress on punctuality 她非常注重守时 
▸ a great deal of stress has been laid on this fact 这个事实已经得到了极大重视 ⑤ uncountable and countable Linguistics 重音 zhòngyīn 
▸ to put or place the stress on sth 把重音放在某音节上 
▸ in ‘strategic’the stress falls on the second syllable “strategic”一词的重音在第二个音节上 B. transitive verb ① (emphasize) 强调 qiángdiào 
▸ to stress the importance of sth 强调某事物的重要性 
▸ it must be stressed that this disease is very rare 必须着重指出，这种病很罕见 
▸ ‘I want it done very neatly,’she stressed 她强调说，“我希望这件事做得非常干净利落” ② Linguistics 重读 zhòngdú 
▸ the final syllable is stressed 最后一个音节要重读 ③ (put physical pressure on) 施压于 shī yā yú 
▸ this type of workout stresses the knee joints 这种锻炼增加膝关节的压力 ④ informal (make anxious) 使焦虑不安 shǐ jiāolǜ bù'ān 
▸ driving in cities really stresses me 在市内开车让我非常紧张 C. intransitive verb informal 担心 dānxīn 
▸ stop stressing about your exams 别再担心考试了 PHRASAL VERB stress out informal A. transitive verb [stress sb out] 使非常焦虑 shǐ fēicháng jiāolǜ 
▸ travelling always stressed him out 旅行总是让他非常紧张 B. intransitive verb 感到非常焦虑 gǎndào fēicháng jiāolǜ 
▸ he's stressing out about being unemployed 他十分担心失业 



stretch | BrE strɛtʃ, AmE strɛtʃ | A. transitive verb ① (make bigger) 撑大 chēngdà ‹shoe, garment›;
 拉长 lācháng ‹spring, rubber, dough›
▸ don't hang your woollens out on the line or you'll stretch them 不要把羊毛衫挂在绳子上，否则会把它撑大的 ② (pull tight) 拉紧 lājǐn ‹rope, cord, bowstring, elastic›;
 绷紧 bēngjǐn ‹canvas, tarpaulin›;
 铺开 pūkāi ‹net, fabric›
▸ to stretch sth across sth;
 将某物在某物上铺开 
▸ to stretch sth on or over sth;
 把某物绷紧到某物上 
▸ to stretch sth tight 拉紧某物 ③ (straighten) «person, animal» 舒展 shūzhǎn ‹limb, neck›
▸ to stretch one's legs informal (go for walk) 散散步 
▸ the bird stretched its wings 这只鸟张开了翅膀 
▸ to stretch one's wings figurative 进行新的尝试 ④ (push bounds of) 耗尽 hàojìn ‹budget, resources›;
 超越…的界限 chāoyuè… de jièxiàn ‹tolerance›
▸ the ending really stretches the audience's credulity 这个结局实在让观众难以相信 
▸ you're stretching my patience! 你让我忍无可忍！ 
▸ to be fully stretched «person» 竭尽全力 «company» 倾尽所能 qīngjǐn suǒ néng 
▸ to stretch sth to the limit 把某物消耗殆尽 ⑤ (cause to do one's best) 使…竭尽全力 shǐ… jiéjìn quánlì ‹person›;
 尽力发挥 jìnlì fāhuī ‹abilities›
▸ she isn't stretched at school 她在学校里并未被发掘出所有潜力 ⑥ (exaggerate) 夸大 kuādà ‹meaning›
▸ to stretch the truth 言过其实 
▸ to be stretching it a bit or a little informal 有点夸张 ⑦ (make exception to) 变通 biàntōng ‹rules›
▸ to stretch a point (make exception) 破例 (exaggerate) 夸大 kuādà ⑧ (cause to go further) 节约使用 jiéyuē shǐyòng ‹budget, income, supplies›;
 节约地吃 jiéyuē de chī ‹meal›⑨ (increase) 扩充 kuòchōng ‹record, total›
▸ they stretched their lead to 5-0 他们把领先优势扩大到了5比0 B. intransitive verb ① (become bigger) «spring, elastic, rubber» 被拉长 bèi lācháng 
▸ this fabric stretches 这种布料富有弹性 ② (become too big) «garment, fabric» 被撑大 bèi chēngdà ③ (straighten body when exercising) 舒展肢体 shūzhǎn zhītǐ 
▸ he stretched and yawned 他伸了个懒腰，打了个哈欠 ④ (reach out arm) 伸长胳膊 shēncháng gēbo ;
 (reach out leg) 伸出腿 shēnchū tuǐ 
▸ to stretch across or over sth;
 把手伸过某物 
▸ he stretched across and could just touch the other wall with his fingertips 他伸出手去，指尖刚刚能碰到另一面墙 
▸ to stretch for sth;
 伸手去够某物 
▸ to stretch over;
 伸手过来 
▸ to stretch up;
 向上伸胳膊 ⑤ (continue in space) 延伸 yánshēn 
▸ how far does the traffic jam stretch? 交通拥堵到多远？ 
▸ to stretch to or as far as sth;
 «flex, traffic jam, queue» 延伸到某物 
▸ to stretch from sth to sth;
 从某物延伸到某物 
▸ his grin stretched from ear to ear 他笑得合不拢嘴 
▸ to stretch down to sth;
 一直延伸到某物 
▸ to stretch into sth;
 延伸入某物 
▸ mountains stretched away into the distance 山峦绵延伸向远方 
▸ to stretch for miles;
 延伸数英里 
▸ to stretch over sth;
 在某物之上延伸 
▸ at that time the empire stretched over most of Europe 那时候，该帝国的领土覆盖了欧洲的大部分区域 
▸ to stretch around sth;
 环绕某物延伸 ⑥ (continue in time) 延续 yánxù 
▸ the weeks stretched into months 几周的时间延续成了几个月 
▸ to stretch over;
 «festivities, course, talks, work» 延续 yánxù ‹week, fortnight, month›⑦ (be enough) «food, supplies, budget» 够用 gòu yòng 
▸ the budget won't stretch to a new computer 这个数目的预算不够买一台新电脑 C. to stretch oneself reflexive verb ① (straighten body) 舒展身体 shūzhǎn shēntǐ ② (try one's best) 全力以赴 quánlì yǐ fù D. noun ① countable (narrow area of land, water) 一段 yī duàn 
▸ an unspoilt stretch of coastline 一段未遭破坏的海岸线 
▸ a dangerous stretch of road 危险的路段 ② countable (expanse of land, water) 一片 yī piàn 
▸ a stretch of open country 一片开阔地区 ③ countable (period) 一段时间 yī duàn shíjiān 
▸ a short stretch 一小段时间 
▸ a long stretch 很长一段时间 
▸ they worked in four-hour stretches 他们工作每4小时一班 
▸ to work for a stretch 工作一段时间 
▸ at a stretch 一口气地 ④ countable informal (prison sentence) 刑期 xíngqī 
▸ a five-year stretch 5年的刑期 
▸ to do a stretch (for sth) （因为某事）服刑 ⑤ uncountable and countable (act of tightening muscles) 伸展 shēnzhǎn 
▸ to do a stretch or some stretches 做伸展运动 
▸ to have a (good) stretch （好好）舒展身体 
▸ to give sth a stretch 伸展一下 ‹arm, leg, neck, back›
▸ at full stretch 尽量伸展四肢 figurative 竭尽全力地 jiéjìn quánlì de 
▸ I was at full stretch, but the lever was still just out of reach 我尽力伸展手臂，但还是够不着操作杆 
▸ we're at full stretch already and cannot possibly cope with more orders 我们已经尽了全力，不可能再处理更多的订单了 
▸ at a stretch (with difficulty) 勉强地 (in extreme circumstances) 在极端情况下 
▸ not by any or by no stretch of the imagination 任凭如何想象也不 ⑥ uncountable and countable (pull) 拉紧 lājǐn 
▸ to give sth a stretch 拉一下 ‹rope› 撑一下 chēng yīxià ‹shoe›
▸ to be at full stretch «rope» 拉紧 lājǐn «cord, bowstring» 绷紧 bēngjǐn ⑦ uncountable (elasticity) 弹性 tánxìng 
▸ stretch material 弹性材料 
▸ a pair of stretch jeans 一条弹力牛仔裤 ⑧ countable usually singular (mainly US) (straight) 终点直道 zhōngdiǎn zhídào 
▸ the home or finishing or final stretch 终点直道 zhōngdiǎn zhídào figurative 最后阶段 zuìhòu jiēduàn 
▸ the campaign has entered its final stretch 竞选进入了最后冲刺阶段 
▸ to be on the home or finishing or final stretch 接近终点 figurative 将要完成 jiāngyào wánchéng PHRASAL VERBS stretch back intransitive verb ① (in time) 回溯 huísù 
▸ this tradition stretches back (for) centuries 这个传统可以回溯到几个世纪前 
▸ to stretch back to sb/sth;
 回溯到某人/某事物 ② (in space) 往后延伸 wǎng hòu yánshēn 
▸ to stretch back to sth;
 向后延伸至某物 
▸ the traffic jam stretches back to the motorway 交通拥堵的车流到了高速公路 stretch out A. intransitive verb ① (lie down) 躺下 tǎngxia 
▸ to stretch out on sth/in front of sth;
 躺在某物上/在某物的前面 ② (continue in space) 延伸 yánshēn 
▸ fields and hills stretched out as far as the eye could see 田野和山峦向远方延伸至视野所及之处 
▸ the woods seem to stretch out to the horizon 森林似乎一直延伸到了地平线的尽头 ③ (continue in time) «life, future, days» 延续 yánxù 
▸ the moment seemed to stretch out endlessly 那一刻似乎无休无止 B. transitive verb [stretch sth out, stretch out sth] ① (reach out) 伸出 shēnchū ‹leg, foot›
▸ to stretch out one's hand/arm towards sb/sth;
 朝某人/某物伸出手/手臂 
▸ he stretched out his hand to the telephone 他伸手去拿电话 
▸ I stretched out my hand to grasp hers 我伸手去握她的手 ② 
▸ to be stretched out (be lying down) 躺下 tǎngxia 
▸ to be stretched out on the bed/floor;
 躺在床上/地板上 tǎng zài chuáng shang/dìbǎn shang 
▸ to be stretched out in front of the TV/the fire 躺在电视机/火堆前 tǎng zài diànshìjī/huǒduī qián 
▸ to lie stretched out 四肢伸展地躺着 sìzhī shēnzhǎn de tǎngzhe ③ (pull tight) 拉紧 lājǐn ‹rope, cord, bowstring›;
 绷紧 bēngjǐn ‹canvas, tarpaulin›;
 铺开 pūkāi ‹net, sheet, fabric›
▸ they stretch out the hides and leave them in the sun to dry 他们把兽皮铺开，放在太阳底下晒干 ④ (prolong) 延长 yáncháng ‹plot, meeting, work›
▸ he tried to stretch out the script with two extra scenes 他试图多加两幕剧来拖长这剧本 
▸ I stretched my speech out to an hour 我把演说延长至一小时 C. to stretch oneself out reflexive verb 躺下 tǎngxia 
▸ to stretch oneself out on sth;
 躺在某物上 tǎng zài mǒu wù shang 



strew | BrE struː, AmE stru | transitive verb past participle strewn | struːn | or strewed 撒 sǎ ‹sand, litter›
▸ to strew sth on or over sth;
 把某物撒在某物上 
▸ to strew the floor with clothes 把衣服乱扔到地板上 
▸ to be strewn with sth;
 撒满某物 
▸ rock-strewn 布满岩石的 
▸ the desk was strewn with books 办公桌上乱放着书 



stride | BrE strʌɪd, AmE straɪd | A. noun ① countable (long step) 大步 dà bù 
▸ to cross a room in two strides 两大步跨过房间 
▸ to take sth in one's stride 从容应对某事 
▸ to make great strides in sth 在某事上取得巨大进步 ② uncountable (gait) 步态 bùtài 
▸ he has a long stride 他步幅很大 
▸ to lengthen one's stride 加大步伐 
▸ to get into one's stride literal 跟上步调 figurative 进入状态 jìnrù zhuàngtài 
▸ after a nervous start, the speaker was now getting into his stride 演讲者开始有点儿紧张，现在比较从容了 B. intransitive verb past tense strode past participle stridden ① (walk) 阔步行走 kuòbù xíngzǒu ② (straddle) 跨越 kuàyuè 
▸ to stride over or across sth;
 跨过某物 C. transitive verb past tense strode past participle stridden 大步走过 dà bù zǒuguo ‹distance›



strike | BrE strʌɪk, AmE straɪk | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle struck ① (hit with hand, weapon, implement) 击打 jīdǎ 
▸ to strike sb in the face 打某人的脸 
▸ to strike sb on the head 砸某人的头 
▸ to strike sth with sth;
 用某物捶打某物 ② (collide with, fall on) 碰撞 pèngzhuàng 
▸ the ship struck a rock 船触礁了 
▸ the town hall had been struck by a bomb/missile 市政厅遭到了炸弹/导弹袭击 ③ (knock) 撞击 zhuàngjī 
▸ the stone struck her on the forehead 石头击中了她的额头 
▸ he struck his head on the table 他的头撞到了桌子上 ④ Sport (hit) 击 jī ‹tennis ball›;
 (kick) 踢 tī ‹football›
▸ he struck the ball into the back of the net 他把球踢入网窝 ⑤ (inflict) 给予 jǐyǔ ‹blow›
▸ fate then struck another cruel blow 接着命运又给了一次残酷的打击 
▸ she struck him a heavy blow on the head 她重重地打了一下他的头 
▸ who struck the first blow? 谁先动的手？ 
▸ to strike a blow for sth 维护 ‹cause, belief, principle›
▸ to strike a blow against or at sth 损害 ‹cause, belief, principle›⑥ (afflict) 侵袭 qīnxí 
▸ disaster struck the family once again 灾难再次降临这个家庭 
▸ the area was struck by an outbreak of cholera 这一地区爆发了霍乱 ⑦ (create) 引起 yǐnqǐ 
▸ to strike fear or terror into sb or into sb's heart 使某人感到恐惧 ⑧ (occur to) 使突然想到 shǐ tūrán xiǎngdào 
▸ an awful thought struck me 我突然有了一个可怕的念头 
▸ to (suddenly) strike sb that … 某人（突然）想起… ⑨ (seem to) 给…以某种印象 gěi… yǐ mǒu zhǒng yìnxiàng 
▸ how does the idea strike you? 你觉得这个主意怎么样？ 
▸ she strikes me as very efficient or as a very efficient person 在我眼里，她是个很干练的人 
▸ it strikes me that nobody is really in favour of the reform 我觉得没有人真正赞成这项改革 ⑩ (be taken with) 打动 dǎdòng 
▸ I was struck with him 我被他打动了 
▸ I was struck by her youth and enthusiasm 她年轻热情，把我迷住了 
▸ to be struck on sb/sth British informal 迷恋某人/某事物 
▸ we’re not very struck on that new restaurant British informal 我们不太喜欢那家新餐馆 ⑪ (fall on) «light» 照在…上 zhào zài… shang ;
 «lightning» 击中 jīzhòng ⑫ (be perceived by) 被…感受到 bèi… gǎnshòu dào 
▸ a terrible sight struck my eyes 我忽然看到一处可怕的景象 ⑬ (cause to become) 使处于某状态 shǐ chǔyú mǒu zhuàngtài 
▸ to strike sb dead 劈死某人 
▸ to be struck dumb (with amazement) （吃惊得）张口结舌 
▸ to be struck blind 突然失明 ⑭ (ignite) 划燃 huárán 
▸ to strike a match 划火柴 ⑮ (produce by friction) 摩擦出 mócā chū 
▸ he had a flint for striking fire 他有一块打火的燧石 
▸ the sword struck sparks off the stone floor 剑砍在石地板上，火星飞溅 ⑯ (chime) «clock» 敲响报出 qiāoxiǎng bàochū ‹time›⑰ Music 弹奏 tánzòu 
▸ to strike a chord on the piano 在钢琴上弹出和弦 ⑱ (discover) (by drilling) 钻探到 zuāntàn dào ;
 (by mining) 开采出 kāicǎi chū 
▸ miners prospecting in the valley struck a seam of silver 在山谷里勘探的矿工们发现了一个银矿层 
▸ to strike a vein of sth figurative 发现某种特性 
▸ exploring women's everyday lives, she struck a rich vein of humour 她在对女性的日常生活进行研究时发现其中包含大量的幽默元素 ⑲ (achieve) 达成 dáchéng 
▸ to strike a deal 成交 
▸ to strike a balance or happy medium (between sth and sth) （在某事物和某事物之间）找到折中办法 
▸ to strike a balance between order and freedom 兼顾秩序和自由 ⑳ (assume) 摆出 bǎichū 
▸ to strike a pose 装腔作势 ㉑ (delete) 删去 shānqù 
▸ I will strike his name from the list 我要把他的名字从名单里画掉 ㉒ (produce by stamping metal) 铸造 zhùzào ‹coin, medal›㉓ (take down, dismantle) 拆卸 chāixiè ‹tent›;
 拆除 chāichú ‹stage set, scenery, scaffolding›
▸ to strike camp 撤营 ㉔ (lower) 降下 jiàngxia ‹sail, flag›
▸ to strike one's colours Military 降旗 ㉕ 
▸ (develop) to strike root «plant» 生根 shēnggēn ㉖ Fishing (hook) 急拉钓线把…钩住 jí lā diàoxiàn bǎ… gōuzhù ‹fish›;
 (bite) «fish» 咬 yǎo ‹bait, fly›B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle struck ① (hit) 撞击 zhuàngjī 
▸ 12 people were killed when the missile struck 导弹袭击造成12人死亡 
▸ my head struck against a beam 我的头撞在横梁上 ② formal (with hand, weapon, implement) 击打 jīdǎ 
▸ hold the nail, take the hammer, and strike sharply 捏住钉子，拿起锤子，使劲敲 → iron A3③ (attack) 袭击 xíjī 
▸ the generals will decide when the time is right to strike 将军们会决定何时可以发起进攻 ④ (occur) 突然发生 tūrán fāshēng 
▸ tragedy struck when her husband was killed in a car crash 悲剧发生了，她的丈夫在一次车祸中丧生 ⑤ (take industrial action) 罢工 bàgōng 
▸ to strike for a pay increase 罢工要求加薪 
▸ to strike over job losses 因失业问题进行罢工 ⑥ (chime) 报时 bàoshí 
▸ did you hear the clock strike? 你听到钟响了吗？ 
▸ six o'clock was striking as I left 我离开时，钟正敲6点 ⑦ (ignite) «match» 被划燃 bèi huárán 
▸ damp matches won't strike 湿火柴划不着 ⑧ (proceed) 行进 xíngjìn 
▸ to strike north 向北走 
▸ they struck across an open field 他们穿过了空旷的田野 ⑨ Fishing (secure hook) «angler» 急拉钓线把鱼钩住 jí lā diàoxiàn bǎ yú gōuzhù ;
 (bite) «fish» 上钩 shànggōu C. noun ① (withdrawal of labour) 罢工 bàgōng 
▸ a one-day/an official strike 为期一天/得到批准的罢工 
▸ to be (out) on strike 正在罢工 
▸ to come out or go on strike 举行罢工 
▸ to call/break a strike 号召举行罢工/破坏罢工 
▸ to take strike action 采取罢工行动 ② (attack) 袭击 xíjī 
▸ the threat of nuclear strikes 核袭击的威胁 
▸ an air/pre-emptive strike 空袭/先发制人的打击 
▸ to launch a strike (against or on sth) （对某处）发动袭击 ③ usually singular (hit) 击打 jīdǎ ④ (kick) 踢 tī 
▸ his spectacular strike in the second half made the score 2-0 他在下半场的一脚精彩射门把比分改写为2比0 ⑤ (in baseball) 击球不中 jīqiú bù zhòng 
▸ ‘strike three’ “三击不中” ⑥ (in tenpin bowling) 全中 quán zhòng ⑦ (discovery) 发现 fāxiàn 
▸ an oil strike 石油的发现 
▸ to make a strike 有发现 
▸ a lucky strike (lucky chance) 好运 (lucky discovery) 幸运的发现 ⑧ (mainly US) (bad thing or action) 不利因素 bùlì yīnsù 
▸ the amount of fuel that this car uses is a big strike against it 耗油量大是这辆车的一大缺点 
▸ three strikes, and you’re out 三振出局法 [指三次犯罪即判入狱的法律] ⑨ (clock mechanism) 报时装置 bàoshí zhuāngzhì ⑩ Fishing 急拉钓线 jí lā diàoxiàn PHRASAL VERBS strike at transitive verb [strike at sb/sth] ① (try to hit with hand, weapon, implement) 朝…打去 cháo… dǎqù 
▸ he struck at me repeatedly with a stick 他拿着棍子连续朝我打过来 ② (make attack on) 袭击 xíjī 
▸ to strike at the enemy's communications network 攻击敌人的通讯网络 ③ (try to damage) 企图损害 qǐtú sǔnhài 
▸ this strikes at the heart of the democratic system 这会损害民主体制的根本 
▸ to strike at the roots of a social malaise 根绝一种社会弊端 strike back intransitive verb ① (use force in return) 反击 fǎnjī 
▸ to strike back at or against sb/sth;
 对某人/某事物予以反击 ② (criticize in return) 反驳 fǎnbó 
▸ to strike back at or against sb/sth;
 对某人/某事物予以回击 ③ Sport 反击 fǎnjī 
▸ to strike back at or against sb/sth;
 对某人/某队予以反击 
▸ they struck back with two goals in seven minutes 他们予以反击，7分钟之内进了两个球 strike down A. [strike sb down, strike down sb] transitive verb ① (kill) 使丧命 shǐ sàngmìng 
▸ to be struck down by a bullet/by cancer 中弹身亡/死于癌症 ② (incapacitate) «disease» 使病倒 shǐ bìngdǎo 
▸ he was struck down by a mystery virus 他感染了一种神秘的病毒，病倒了 ③ (knock down) 击倒 jīdǎo B. [strike sth down, strike down sth] transitive verb US (abolish) 废除 fèichú ‹law, regulation›strike off A. transitive verb [strike sb/sth off, to strike off sb/sth] ① (delete) 删去 shānqù 
▸ to strike sb's name off (a list) 把某人的名字（从名单上）画掉 ② (remove as member) 把…除名 bǎ… chúmíng 
▸ to be struck off 被取消资格 
▸ to be struck off the medical register 被取消医师资格 B. intransitive verb 行进 xíngjìn 
▸ we left the road and struck off across the fields 我们下了公路，穿过田野 strike on transitive verb [strike on sb/sth] 突然发现 tūrán fāxiàn 
▸ I suddenly struck on a good idea 我突然想到了一个好主意 
▸ we were lucky to strike on just the right person to do the job 我们运气好，碰巧找到了合适的人来做这份工作 strike out A. intransitive verb ① (start out on new course) 开始新的道路 kāishǐ xīn de dàolù ;
 (start out on independent course) 开始独立 kāishǐ dúlì 
▸ to strike out in a new direction 闯出一条新路 
▸ to strike out on one's own (become independent) 开始独立谋生 (start own business) 开创自己的事业 
▸ he's struck out as a private eye 他开始当私家侦探 ② (aim blow) 猛击 měng jī 
▸ he lost his temper and struck out wildly 他怒不可遏，大打出手 
▸ to strike out at sb/sth;
 朝某人/某物猛击 ③ (express criticism) 抨击 pēngjī 
▸ to strike out at sb/sth;
 抨击某人/某事物 
▸ she struck out at her critics, claiming their comments were biased 她驳斥那些批评她的人，声称他们的评论抱有偏见 ④ (proceed) 行进 xíngjìn 
▸ we struck out across the field 我们穿过了田野 
▸ he struck out strongly for the shore 他奋力向岸边游去 ⑤ (mainly US) informal (fail) 失败 shībài 
▸ the movie struck out and didn’t win a single Oscar 那部影片拍砸了，奥斯卡奖项一项都没拿到 B. transitive verb [strike sth out, strike out sth] (delete) 删去 shānqù ;
 (put line through) 在…上画线 zài… shang huàxiàn 
▸ she struck out the whole paragraph (deleted) 她把一整段都删掉了 (put line through) 她把一整段都画掉了 strike through transitive verb [strike sth through, strike through sth] (delete) 删去 shānqù ;
 (put line through) 在…上画线 zài… shang huàxiàn strike up A. transitive verb [strike up sth, strike sth up] ① (start to play) 开始演奏 kāishǐ yǎnzòu ;
 (start to sing) 开始演唱 kāishǐ yǎnchàng ② (begin relationship, conversation) 开始 kāishǐ 
▸ to strike up a friendship 建立友谊 
▸ to strike up a conversation with a stranger 和陌生人攀谈 B. intransitive verb (start to play) 开始演奏 kāishǐ yǎnzòu ;
 (start to sing) 开始演唱 kāishǐ yǎnchàng 
▸ the band struck up with a waltz 乐队开始演奏一支华尔兹舞曲 



string | BrE strɪŋ, AmE strɪŋ | A. noun ① uncountable and countable (twine) 细绳 xì shéng 
▸ a ball/piece/length of string 一团/一根/一段细绳 
▸ to tie sth (up) with string 用细绳捆扎某物 
▸ the key is hanging on a string by the door 钥匙挂在门边的绳子上 
▸ to untie or undo a string 解开细绳 
▸ how long is a piece of string? British informal 谁能说得准呢？ ② countable (on musical instrument, racket, bow) 弦 xián 
▸ to tune the strings (on sth) （给某乐器）调弦 ③ countable (on puppet) 牵线 qiānxiàn 
▸ a puppet on strings 牵线木偶 qiānxiàn mù'ǒu 
▸ to pull strings (for sb) informal （为某人）走后门 
▸ to pull the strings 提拉牵线 figurative informal 幕后操纵 mùhòu cāozòng ④ countable (fastening on clothing or headgear, cord around neck) 带子 dàizi 
▸ the strings of a bonnet 女帽的帽带 
▸ a medallion on a string 挂在带子上的大奖章 ⑤ countable (set of things joined together) 一串 yī chuàn 
▸ a string of pearls 一串珍珠 
▸ the molecules join together to form long strings 分子连接在一起形成长串 ⑥ countable (succession) 一连串 yīliánchuàn 
▸ a string of obscenities/hits 一连串的脏话/接二连三的成功 ⑦ countable (group) 一批 yī pī 
▸ he owns a string of racing stables 他有好多个赛马训练场 
▸ a string of racehorses [在同一训练场里训练的] 一群赛马 ⑧ countable (line) 一排 yī pái 
▸ a string of islands in the Pacific 太平洋中的岛链 ⑨ countable Computing (of characters) 字符串 zìfúchuàn ;
 (of other data) 信息串 xìnxīchuàn 
▸ a character/numeric string 字符串/数字串 ⑩ usually plural countable (condition) 附加条件 fùjiā tiáojiàn 
▸ without or (with) no strings (attached) 没有附加条件 ⑪ countable Linguistics 语符列 yǔfúliè B. strings plural noun 
▸ Music the strings (instruments) 弦乐器 xiányuèqì (players) 弦乐器演奏者 xiányuèqì yǎnzòuzhě 
▸ the strings section 弦乐器组 C. transitive verb past tense, past participle strung ① (hang) 悬挂 xuánguà 
▸ fairy lights were strung on trees 树上挂着彩色小灯 
▸ the route was strung with flags 沿途悬挂着旗子 ② (fit with stretched wire, nylon, etc.) 给…装弦 gěi… zhuāng xián ‹musical instrument, bow›;
 给…绷线 gěi… bēng xiàn ‹racket›③ (thread) 把…串起来 bǎ… chuàn qilai 
▸ the jeweller was stringing pearls on a nylon cord 珠宝匠正在往一根尼龙绳上串珍珠 D. intransitive verb past tense, past participle strung informal 充当报料人 chōngdāng bàoliàorén 
▸ to string for a newspaper 为报纸充当报料人 PHRASAL VERBS string along informal A. intransitive verb British 跟随 gēnsuí 
▸ is it OK if we string along? 我们跟着来可以吗？ 
▸ to string along with sb;
 伴随某人 B. transitive verb [string sb along, string along sb] 耍弄 shuǎnòng 
▸ he had no plans to marry her: he was just stringing her along 他根本没打算娶她：不过是跟她玩玩 string out: A. transitive verb ① [string sth out, string out sth] (prolong) 延长 yáncháng 
▸ they seem determined to string the talks out for an indefinite period 他们似乎一心要把谈判无限期地拖下去 ② (set at intervals) 间隔排列 jiàngé páiliè 
▸ warning notices were strung out along the motorway 高速公路上每隔一段距离就有一个警示牌 B. [string sb/sth out, string out sb/sth] transitive verb (spread out) 使间隔排开 shǐ jiàngé páikāi 
▸ forty soldiers were strung out in a line 40名士兵拉开排成一排 C. intransitive verb 分成一列 fēnchéng yī liè 
▸ don't bunch up: string out at intervals of 30 metres 不要挤在一起：按30米的间隔排开 string together transitive verb [string sth together, string together sth] ① (combine articulately) 将…联结成句 jiāng… liánjié chéngjù 
▸ I can just manage to string a few words together in French 我的法语只能把几个单词拼凑成句 ② (add one after another) 把…连在一起 bǎ… lián zài yīqǐ 
▸ they strung together seven or eight passes 他们一连传了七八次球 ③ (form by combining articulately) 联成 liánchéng 
▸ to string a sentence together 造句 ④ (form by adding) 串联成 chuànlián chéng 
▸ the band strung together a great set 乐队连续演奏了一组动听的乐曲 string up: transitive verb ① [string sth up, string up sth] (hang up) 悬挂 xuánguà 
▸ lanterns were strung up in the trees 树上挂着灯笼 ② [string sb up, string up sb] informal (kill by hanging) 吊死 diàosǐ 



strive | BrE strʌɪv, AmE straɪv | intransitive verb past tense strove or strived past participle striven | ˈstrɪvn | or strived ① (try) 力争 lìzhēng 
▸ to strive to do sth;
 力争做某事 
▸ to strive for or after sth;
 争取某事物 
▸ to strive for independence/perfection 争取独立/完善 
▸ to strive hard or with all one's might 尽全力争取 ② literary (struggle) 斗争 dòuzhēng 
▸ to strive with sb;
 (oppose) 反抗某人 (support) 与某人一起斗争 



study | BrE ˈstʌdi, AmE ˈstədi | A. noun ① uncountable (gaining of knowledge) 学习 xuéxí 
▸ I don't have a lot of time for study 我可以用来学习的时间不多 
▸ a study period 自习时间 
▸ a study room 学习室 ② countable (book) 专著 zhuānzhù ;
 (article) 论文 lùnwén 
▸ a study of Jane Austen's novels 简奥斯丁小说的研究专著 ③ countable and uncountable (piece of research) 研究 yánjiū 
▸ to make a study of sth 研究某事物 
▸ studies on animal behaviour 对动物行为的研究 
▸ the matter is under study 此事正在研究中 ④ countable (room) 书房 shūfáng ⑤ countable Art 习作 xízuò ⑥ countable Music 练习曲 liànxíqǔ ⑦ countable (embodiment) 化身 huàshēn ;
 (good example) 典型 diǎnxíng 
▸ she was a study in calm 她一副镇定自若的神情 
▸ the whole affair is a study in managerial incompetence 整个事件充分证明了管理层的无能 B. studies plural noun ① plus plural verb (academic activity) 学业 xuéyè ② plus singular verb (subject) 课程 kèchéng 
▸ Celtic studies 凯尔特语研究 C. transitive verb ① (learn about) 学习 xuéxí ‹subject›;
 (take course in) 攻读 gōngdú ‹subject, language, engineering›
▸ I've never studied local history 我从来没学过地方史 ② (investigate, consider) 研究 yánjiū 
▸ she's studying how animals communicate 她正在研究动物如何交流 
▸ it's a question that hasn't been studied 这个问题还未研究 ③ (examine) 细看 xì kàn ‹map, menu, photograph, features›D. intransitive verb ① (learn) 学习 xuéxí ;
 (revise) 复习 fùxí 
▸ I didn't study much over the vacation 假期里我花在学习上的时间不多 
▸ to study for an exam 复习备考 ② (take course) 攻读 gōngdú 
▸ to study for sth;
 攻读某科目 
▸ to study under sb;
 在某人指导下学习 
▸ to study to be an engineer 读工程学 



submit | BrE səbˈmɪt, AmE səbˈmɪt | A. intransitive verb present participle submitting past tense, past participle submitted ① (accept defeat) «general, opponent» 认输 rènshū ;
 «army, town, tribe» 投降 tóuxiáng 
▸ to submit to sb/sth;
 向…认输 ‹opponent› 向…投降 xiàng… tóuxiáng ‹army, invader› 屈从于 qūcóng yú ‹rule, will, demand›
▸ she refused to submit to threats 她拒不向恐吓低头 ② (defer to) 遵从 zūncóng 
▸ to submit to;
 遵从 zūncóng ‹arbitration, decision›③ (agree to) 听任 tīngrèn 
▸ to submit to;
 接受 ‹examination, treatment› 甘受 gān shòu ‹humiliation, injustice› 遵从 zūncóng ‹discipline›B. transitive verb present participle submitting past tense, past participle submitted ① (present) 提交 tíjiāo ‹bill, report, budget, appeal, resignation›
▸ the findings have been submitted to the government 调查结果已经呈送给政府 ② formal (propose, suggest) 主张 zhǔzhāng 
▸ I would submit that … 我认为… ③ (subject to) 使经受 shǐ jīngshòu 
▸ to submit sb/sth to sth;
 让某人/某物经受某事 
▸ to submit oneself to;
 接受 ‹examination, treatment› 甘受 gān shòu ‹humiliation› 遵从 zūncóng ‹jurisdiction, decision›



subscribe | BrE səbˈskrʌɪb, AmE səbˈskraɪb | A. intransitive verb ① (pay to receive or view sth) 订购 dìnggòu 
▸ to subscribe to;
 订阅 ‹magazine› 预付费收看 yùfùfèi shōukàn ‹TV, channel›② (support) 定期捐助 dìngqī juānzhù 
▸ to subscribe to;
 定期向…捐助 ‹fund, charity›③ Finance (apply) 认购 rèngòu 
▸ to subscribe to or for sth;
 认购 rèngòu ‹issue, shares›④ 
▸ (agree with) to subscribe to an idea/theory;
 赞同一个观点/认同一个理论 zàntóng yī gè guāndiǎn/rèntóng yī gè lǐlùn B. transitive verb ① (contribute) 定期捐助 dìngqī juānzhù ‹sum›② usually passive (apply for) 报名参加 bàomíng cānjiā ‹course, tour›;
 认购 rèngòu ‹issue, shares›
▸ the class was fully subscribed 这个班名额已满 



subtract | BrE səbˈtrakt, AmE səbˈtrækt | A. transitive verb ① Mathematics 减去 jiǎnqù ‹amount›
▸ to subtract A from B;
 从B中减去A ② (remove) 去除 qùchú ‹item, amount›B. intransitive verb Mathematics 做减法 zuò jiǎnfǎ 



succeed | BrE səkˈsiːd, AmE səkˈsid | A. intransitive verb ① (achieve success) 成功 chénggōng 
▸ to succeed in business 做生意获成功 
▸ to succeed in one's exams 通过考试 
▸ I only succeeded in making things worse 我结果却把事情弄得更糟 
▸ nothing succeeds like success proverb 一事成，百事顺 
▸ if at first you don't succeed, try, try again proverb 如果一开始不成功，那就努力努力再努力 ② 
▸ (accede) to succeed to 继承 jìchéng ‹throne, title, property›B. transitive verb ① (take place of) 接替 jiētì ‹person›
▸ she succeeded her father as chairman 她接替父亲任董事长 ② (follow) 接续 jiēxù 
▸ her embarrassment was succeeded by fear 她尴尬之后感到害怕 



suck | BrE sʌk, AmE sək | A. transitive verb ① (take into mouth) 吸食 xīshí 
▸ to suck milk through a straw 用吸管喝奶 
▸ to suck the juice from an orange 吸橙子的汁 
▸ she sucked the smoke into her lungs 她把烟吸进肺里 → grandmother② (keep in mouth) 吮 shǔn 
▸ she sucked a mint 她嘴里咂着一颗薄荷糖 
▸ stop sucking your thumb! 别吃大拇指！ 
▸ to suck one's teeth British (when feeling doubtful) 疑惑地吸气 ③ (swallow liquid from) 吸食…的汁液 xīshí… de zhīyè 
▸ the baby is sucking its mother's breast 婴儿在吃母亲的奶 
▸ he sucked the orange dry 他把橙子吸干了 ④ (draw in) 抽吸 chōuxī 
▸ plants suck moisture from the soil 植物从土壤中吸取水分 
▸ I was getting sucked into the affair 我正被卷入这一事件 ⑤ vulgar slang (fellate) 对…行口交 duì… xíng kǒujiāo ‹person›;
 舔吸 tiǎnxī ‹penis›B. intransitive verb ① (take liquid into mouth) 吸食 xīshí 
▸ the baby was finding it difficult to suck 这个婴儿吸奶有困难 ② (keep object in mouth) 吮吸 shǔnxī 
▸ the old man was sucking at his pipe 老人在吸烟斗 ③ (draw in liquid) 抽吸 chōuxī 
▸ to suck on a tube to draw the liquid up 用管子把液体吸上来 ④ (mainly US) informal (be bad) 令人讨厌 lìng rén tǎoyàn 
▸ the weather here really sucks! 这里的天气真讨厌！ 
▸ it sucked that we had to leave so soon 糟糕的是，我们不得不这么快就离开 C. noun 吮吸 shǔnxī 
▸ sucks to you! British informal 瞧你这副熊样！ PHRASAL VERBS suck in transitive verb [suck sb/sth in, suck in sb/sth] ① (take into mouth) 把…吸进嘴里 bǎ… xījìn zuǐ li ‹liquid, air›
▸ he sucked in a mouthful of cigar smoke 他吸了一大口雪茄烟 ② (draw in) 吸入 xīrù ‹liquid, air›③ (pull inwards) 收缩 shōusuō ‹cheeks, stomach›④ (pull inside) 把…吸进去 bǎ… xī jìnqu 
▸ the marsh sucked him in remorselessly 沼泽无情地把他吞没了 ⑤ (involve) 把…卷入 bǎ… juǎnrù 
▸ don't get sucked in: you know it's dangerous 别卷入其中，你知道这很危险 suck off transitive verb [suck sb off, to suck off sb] vulgar slang 对…行口交 duì… xíng kǒujiāo ‹man›suck out transitive verb [suck sth out, suck out sth] ① (take into mouth) 吸食 xīshí 
▸ to suck the juice out of an orange 吸橙子的汁 
▸ the vampire had sucked all the blood out of her 吸血鬼把她的血吸干了 ② (draw out) 把…吸出来 bǎ… xī chulai 
▸ the pump sucks air out through the valve 抽气机通过阀门把空气抽出去 suck up A. transitive verb [suck sth up, suck up sth] ① (take into mouth) 吸食 xīshí 
▸ she was sucking up milk through a straw 她正在用吸管喝牛奶 ② (draw upwards) 把…吸上来 bǎ… xī shànglai 
▸ to suck up the petrol through the siphon 用虹吸管把汽油吸上来 B. intransitive verb informal derogatory 奉承 fèngcheng 
▸ to suck up to sb;
 奉承某人 
▸ she's only sucking up to him 她只是在拍他的马屁 



suffer | BrE ˈsʌfə, AmE ˈsəfər | A. transitive verb ① (undergo) 遭受 zāoshòu 
▸ he suffered a severe heart attack 他心脏病严重发作 
▸ the region has suffered severe job losses 该地区失业问题严重 
▸ to suffer hunger 挨饿 ② formal (tolerate) 忍受 rěnshòu 
▸ I won't suffer it a moment more 我一刻也受不了了 
▸ to not suffer fools gladly 不能容忍愚蠢的人 B. intransitive verb ① (feel pain) 受苦 shòukǔ 
▸ martyrs who suffered for their faith 为信仰而受难的殉道者 
▸ she suffers terribly with her feet informal 她的脚痛得不得了 
▸ to be the first to suffer 第一个吃苦头 
▸ to suffer in silence 默默忍受痛苦 ② (with illness) 患病 huànbìng 
▸ to suffer from depression/high blood pressure 患抑郁症/高血压 
▸ she was still suffering from shock 她仍然惊魂未定 ③ (be in bad situation) 受到妨碍 shòudào fáng'ài 
▸ business suffered badly in the recession 生意在经济衰退期受到重创 
▸ the project suffers from a lack of funds 这个项目受困于资金短缺 ④ (become worse) 变差 biànchà 
▸ she keeps late hours, and her work is beginning to suffer 她睡得很晚，工作质量开始受影响 
▸ his health will suffer 他的健康将会受到损害 



suggest | BrE səˈdʒɛst, AmE sə(ɡ)ˈdʒɛst | A. transitive verb ① (propose) 建议 jiànyì 
▸ I suggest a little walk 我建议去散会儿步 
▸ the company suggested that I resign or should resign British 公司建议我辞职 
▸ I suggested going in my car 我提议坐我的车去 ② (recommend) 推荐 tuījiàn 
▸ may I suggest a white wine with this dish? 我可以推荐一种白葡萄酒来配这道菜吗？ 
▸ who do you suggest for the job? 你推荐谁来做这份工作？ ③ (state as possibility) 认为 rènwéi 
▸ the truth, I suggest, is different 依我看，事实并非如此 
▸ can you suggest how he managed to do it? 你能不能说说他是如何做到的？ ④ (indicate) 表明 biǎomíng 
▸ the symptoms suggest a minor heart attack 症状显示这是轻微的心脏病发作 
▸ what do these results suggest to you? 你觉得这些结果说明什么呢？ 
▸ the evidence suggests that spending should be cut 证据表明应该削减开支 ⑤ (evoke) 使人想到 shǐ rén xiǎngdào 
▸ what did the sound suggest to you? 那声音让你想到了什么？ ⑥ (insinuate) 暗示 ànshì 
▸ I would never suggest such a thing 我决不会有这样的意思 
▸ are you suggesting I’m lazy? 你言下之意是说我懒吗？ B. to suggest itself reflexive verb 出现 chūxiàn 
▸ an idea suggested itself to me 我想到了一个主意 



summon | BrE ˈsʌmən, AmE ˈsəmən | transitive verb ① (call for) 召唤 zhàohuàn 
▸ to summon sb to do sth;
 召唤某人做某事 
▸ to summon sb in 召唤某人进来 
▸ to summon reinforcements 调来援军 
▸ to summon a taxi 叫出租车 ② Law 传唤 chuánhuàn ‹defendant, witness›③ (convene) 召集 zhàojí ‹parliament, conference›④ = summon upPHRASAL VERB summon up transitive verb [summon sth up, summon up sth] ① (muster) 鼓起 gǔqǐ ‹courage›
▸ to summon up strength/interest 使出力气/提起兴趣 
▸ she finally summoned up a smile 她终于挤出一丝笑容 ② (acquire, gather) 取得 qǔdé ‹support, help, resources›③ (call to mind) 唤起 huànqǐ 
▸ the photo summoned up memories of years gone by 这张照片勾起了对逝去岁月的回忆 



supply | BrE səˈplʌɪ, AmE səˈplaɪ | A. noun ① countable and uncountable (stock) 供应量 gōngyìngliàng 
▸ supplies of food are almost exhausted 储存的食物快吃完了 
▸ an inexhaustible supply of jokes 讲不完的笑话 
▸ in short/plentiful supply 供应不足/充足 ② countable and uncountable (provision) 供应 gōngyìng 
▸ the supply of raw materials to the factory 向工厂供应原材料 
▸ to allow the supply of emergency aid 允许提供紧急援助 
▸ the water supply is unsafe 供水不安全 ③ uncountable Economics 供给 gōngjǐ 
▸ demand for the new model is outrunning supply 这一新款产品现在供不应求 ④ uncountable British School 代课教师 dàikè jiàoshī 
▸ to do supply work 做代课教师 
▸ to be or work on supply 做代课教师 B. supplies plural noun ① (provisions) 补给品 bǔjǐpǐn 
▸ our supplies were running out 我们的补给快用完了 
▸ a transport plane carrying food and medical supplies 一架运送食物和医疗用品的运输机 ② Business (goods) 用品 yòngpǐn 
▸ office/household supplies 办公/家庭用品 
▸ electrical supplies 电气设备 C. transitive verb ① (provide) 供应 gōngyìng 
▸ they were accused of supplying arms to the rebels 他们被指控向叛乱者提供武器 
▸ the hens supply more eggs than we can eat 母鸡下的蛋多得我们吃不完 ② (equip) 为…提供 wèi… tígōng 
▸ the bakery has been supplying these shops for years 这家面包房多年来一直给这些商店供货 
▸ the boat is supplied with satellite navigation 这条船配有卫星导航系统 ③ (satisfy) 满足 mǎnzú ‹need, requirement›



support | BrE səˈpɔːt, AmE səˈpɔrt | A. transitive verb ① (back, provide assistance to) 支持 zhīchí 
▸ what team do you support? 你支持哪个队？ 
▸ an organization that supports people with AIDS 一个向艾滋病患者提供援助的组织 ② (provide financial backing to) 资助 zīzhù 
▸ the project is supported by the EU 该项目受到欧盟的资助 ③ (provide for) 供养 gōngyǎng 
▸ to support oneself/a wife and children 养活自己/妻小 
▸ she supported her son through college 她供儿子读完了大学 
▸ the atmosphere of Mars could not support life 生命体无法在火星的大气环境中生存 ④ (pay to sustain) 维持 wéichí 
▸ to support one's drug habit 维持吸毒的恶习 ⑤ (bear weight of) 支撑 zhīchēng 
▸ a platform supported by concrete pillars 混凝土柱子支撑的平台 
▸ support the baby’s head when you hold it 抱婴儿时要把头托住 ⑥ (corroborate) 证实 zhèngshí 
▸ the witness’s story was not supported by the evidence 目击者的说法没有证据的支持 ⑦ (perform earlier than) 为…进行垫场表演 wèi… jìnxíng diànchǎng biǎoyǎn ‹band, performer›⑧ Computing 支持 zhīchí ‹program, device, language›B. noun ① uncountable (backing, approval) 支持 zhīchí 
▸ there is strong public support for the change 公众大力拥护这一变革 
▸ he spoke in support of the motion 他表示支持这一动议 
▸ the theatre closed because of lack of support 由于缺乏观众的支持，这家剧院关门了 ② uncountable (financial assistance) 资助 zīzhù 
▸ financial support 财政资助 ③ uncountable (money to live on) 生计 shēngjì 
▸ means of support 生计来源 ④ uncountable Military 支援 zhīyuán 
▸ air/sea support 空中/海上支援 ⑤ uncountable (bearing of weight) 支撑 zhīchēng 
▸ to give extra support 提供额外支撑 
▸ she held on to his arm for support 她抓住他的手臂以便能站稳 
▸ the garment gives excellent support 这件衣服起到很好的支托作用 ⑥ countable (thing bearing weight) 支撑物 zhīchēngwù 
▸ a support for the tent 帐篷的支架 
▸ the supports under the bridge 桥下的支柱 
▸ a knee/neck support 护膝/颈托 ⑦ uncountable (supporters) 支持者 zhīchízhě 
▸ Green Party support 绿党的支持者 ⑧ countable singular (help, comfort) 安慰 ānwèi 
▸ he was a great support to me when she died 她去世的时候，他给了我极大的帮助 ⑨ uncountable (corroboration) 证实 zhèngshí 
▸ the statistics offer further support for our theory 统计数字进一步支持了我们的理论 
▸ there is a lot of evidence in support of this point of view 有大量的证据支持这个观点 ⑩ uncountable and countable (secondary act at concert) (individual) 垫场演员 diànchǎng yǎnyuán ;
 (band) 垫场乐队 diànchǎng yuèduì ⑪ uncountable (technical assistance) 技术支持 jìshù zhīchí 
▸ we offer free technical support 我们提供免费的技术支持 
▸ if you have a problem, just call support 如有疑问，请致电技术支持部门查询 



suppose | BrE səˈpəʊz, AmE səˈpoʊz | transitive verb ① (believe) 认为 rènwéi 
▸ getting a visa isn’t as simple as you might suppose 办签证不像你想的那么容易 
▸ it was generally supposed that he had died 大家都以为他已经死了 
▸ when do you suppose (that) he'll arrive? 你觉得他什么时候会到？ 
▸ prices will go up, I suppose 我觉得物价会上涨 ② (imagine) 设想 shèxiǎng ;
 (introducing hypothesis) 假定 jiǎdìng 
▸ let us suppose that this theory is correct 让我们假设这个理论是正确的 
▸ the theory supposes the existence of life on other planets 这个理论假定其他行星上存在生命 
▸ suppose he is dead: what then? 假如他死了，那怎么办？ ③ (expressing reluctant agreement) [表示勉强同意]
▸ I suppose you're right 我看你是对的 
▸ can I borrow the car? — I suppose so 我能借这辆车吗？──我看行吧 
▸ I could take you in the car, I suppose 好吧，你就坐我的车吧 ④ (expressing annoyance) [表示生气]
▸ I suppose you think it’s funny, do you? 我看你是觉得这挺好玩，是不是？ ⑤ (making polite request) [表示婉转的建议、提问或请求]
▸ suppose we get a later train? 要不我们坐晚一点的火车？ 
▸ I don’t suppose you know where she's gone? 您知不知道她去哪儿了？ 
▸ I don’t suppose I could have a look at your newspaper, could I? 我能不能看看您的报纸？ ⑥ (introducing interesting detail) 猜想 cāixiǎng 
▸ who do you suppose I saw yesterday? 你猜猜我昨天见着谁了？ 



surge | BrE səːdʒ, AmE sərdʒ | A. intransitive verb ① (rush) 使强烈感受到 shǐ qiángliè gǎnshòu dào 
▸ to surge within sb/sth 在某人内心/某物内部迸发 
▸ relief surged through her 她顿感如释重负 
▸ the blood surged to his cheeks 血涌上了他的脸颊 
▸ indignation surged up within her 她内心愤慨难平 ② (increase) «prices, shares» 急剧上涨 jíjù shàngzhǎng ;
 «profits, demand, interest rates» 激增 jīzēng 
▸ to surge to a record high 激增到创纪录的高度 
▸ to surge upwards 急剧上涨 jíjù shàngzhǎng ③ (move suddenly) «crowd, waves, floodwater» 涌动 yǒngdòng 
▸ to surge forward/out 向前涌动/涌出去 
▸ to surge into/on to/up or over/through sth;
 涌入/涌到/涌上/涌过某物 ④ Sport (accelerate) 冲刺 chōngcì 
▸ to surge into the lead 冲到最前面 
▸ she surged through to win 她不断冲刺直到获胜 ⑤ Electricity 浪涌 làngyǒng B. noun ① usually singular (rush) 突发 tūfā 
▸ a surge of emotion/anger/pain 一股强烈的情感/一阵怒火/一阵疼痛 ② usually singular (rise) 激增 jīzēng 
▸ a surge of or in;
 …的急剧上升 ‹prices, unemployment, demand›③ usually singular (sudden movement) 涌动 yǒngdòng ④ Sport (increase in speed) 冲刺 chōngcì ⑤ (also power surge) Electricity 浪涌 làngyǒng 



surmise formal A. transitive verb | BrE səˈmʌɪz, AmE sərˈmaɪz | 猜测 cāicè ‹answer›
▸ to surmise (from sth) that …;
 （根据某事物）推测出… 
▸ we can only surmise what happened 我们只能推测发生了什么事 B. noun countable and uncountable | BrE səˈmʌɪz, AmE sərˈmaɪz,ˈsərˌmaɪz | 推测 tuīcè 



surpass | BrE səˈpɑːs, AmE sərˈpæs | A. transitive verb ① (be better than) 胜过 shèngguo 
▸ to surpass sb/sth in sth;
 在某方面优于某人/某物 
▸ a performance that far surpasses all others 远远优于其他人的表演 ② (go beyond) 超出 chāochū ‹expectation, level, record›B. to surpass oneself reflexive verb 超越自我 chāoyuè zìwǒ 
▸ the chef has surpassed himself with this dessert 这位厨师在这道甜点上发挥超常 



surround | BrE səˈraʊnd, AmE səˈraʊnd | A. transitive verb ① (be all round) «fence, hills» 环绕 huánrào 
▸ to be surrounded by or with sth;
 被某物环绕 
▸ I'm surrounded by books at home 我家里到处都是书 ② (move into position round) «police, troops» 包围 bāowéi ③ (be associated with) «rumour, doubt» 围绕 wéirào ‹plan, future›
▸ to be surrounded by sth;
 充满某物 B. to surround oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to surround oneself with sth;
 喜欢身边总有某物 xǐhuan shēnbiān zǒng yǒu mǒu wù C. noun (of fireplace, door, window) 边 biān ;
 (of painting, quilt) 饰边 shìbiān D. surrounds plural noun 周围地区 zhōuwéi dìqū 



survey A. noun | BrE ˈsəːveɪ, AmE ˈsərˌveɪ | ① (poll, investigation) 调查 diàochá 
▸ to carry out or conduct or do a survey 开展调查 
▸ the results or findings of a survey 调查结果 
▸ a survey of voting intentions 一项关于投票意向的调查 ② (mapping) 测绘 cèhuì ;
 (map) 测绘图 cèhuìtú 
▸ a geological/an aerial survey 地质/航空测量 ③ British (inspection of building) 房屋检测 fángwū jiǎncè ;
 (report on building) 房屋检测报告 fángwū jiǎncè bàogào 
▸ to get a survey (done) 进行一次房屋检测 ④ (overview) 概述 gàishù 
▸ a comprehensive survey of modern music/linguistics/literature 现代音乐/语言学/文学综述 ⑤ (careful look) 审视 shěnshì B. transitive verb | BrE səˈveɪ, AmE sərˈveɪ | ① (investigate) 对…进行调查 duì… jìnxíng diàochá ‹trends, prices, products, market›② (interview) 向…调查 xiàng… diàochá ‹people, households›③ (assess) 对…进行评价 duì… jìnxíng píngjià ‹opinion, views, intentions›④ (map) 测绘 cèhuì ‹site, coastline, region, seabed›⑤ British (in house-buying) 检测 jiǎncè ‹property, house›⑥ (give overview of) 概述 gàishù ‹research, situation›⑦ (carefully look at) 审视 shěnshì ‹audience, countryside, scene›



survive | BrE səˈvʌɪv, AmE sərˈvaɪv | A. intransitive verb «person, animal, plant, project, government» 存留 cúnliú ;
 «custom, belief» 遗存 yícún 
▸ to survive on sth 靠某物活下去 
▸ you haven't had any lunch! — don't worry, I'll survive 你还没吃午饭！──别担心，我活得下去 B. transitive verb ① (live through) 经历…而幸存 jīnglì… ér xìngcún ‹heart attack, winter, flood, fire, crisis, recession›② (outlive) 比…活得长 bǐ… huó de cháng 
▸ she is survived by three daughters 她身后留下3个女儿 
▸ to survive sb by 10 years 比某人多活10年 



swallow1 | BrE ˈswɒləʊ, AmE ˈswɑloʊ | A. transitive verb ① (take down throat) 吞下 tūnxia ‹food, drink, pill›
▸ to swallow sth whole 囫囵吞下某物 ② (engulf) 吞没 tūnmò 
▸ to be swallowed by the darkness/shadows/flames 被黑暗/阴影/火苗吞没 ③ (use up) 耗尽 hàojìn ‹money, resources, supply›④ (believe) 相信 xiāngxìn ‹story, excuse, explanation›
▸ to be hard to swallow 难以相信 
▸ he told her a pack of lies, but she swallowed it whole 他对她说了一大堆谎话，可是她全都信以为真 ⑤ (repress) 不流露 bù liúlù ‹pride, disappointment›;
 抑制 yìzhì ‹anger, doubts›⑥ (put up with) 忍受 rěnshòu ‹insult, criticism›
▸ her sarcasm was a bit hard to swallow 她的讽刺让人有点难受 B. intransitive verb (take sth down throat) 咽下去 yàn xiaqu ;
 (move throat muscles) 做吞咽动作 zuò tūnyàn dòngzuò 
▸ I've got a really sore throat, and it hurts to swallow 我的喉咙非常疼，一吞咽食物就疼 
▸ she swallowed hard and told him the bad news 她硬下心把坏消息告诉了他 C. noun (gulping action) 吞咽 tūnyàn ;
 (amount gulped down) 一次吞咽量 yī cì tūnyànliàng 
▸ in one swallow 一口吞下 
▸ a swallow of beer 一大口啤酒 PHRASAL VERBS swallow down transitive verb [swallow sth down, swallow down sth] 吞下 tūnxia ‹food, drink, medicine›
▸ he swallowed down his dinner as fast as he could 他狼吞虎咽地吃完了晚饭 swallow up transitive verb [swallow sb/sth up, swallow up sb/sth] ① (engulf) 吞没 tūnmò 
▸ the dark mist swallowed her up 她消失在了阴沉的薄雾中 
▸ I was so embarrassed, I wanted the ground to open and swallow me up 我非常尴尬，恨不得有个地缝让我钻进去 ② (incorporate) 吞并 tūnbìng ‹company, organization, country›③ (use up) 耗尽 hàojìn ‹money, resources, supply›



sway | BrE sweɪ, AmE sweɪ | A. intransitive verb 摇晃 yáohuàng 
▸ to sway to the music 跟着音乐的节奏摇摆 
▸ to sway from side to side/backwards and forwards/back and forth 左右/前后/来回摇摆 
▸ fronds of seaweed swayed to and fro in the water 海草的叶子在水中来回摆动 
▸ the stagecoach swayed along the bumpy road 驿站马车在崎岖的路上颠簸前行 B. transitive verb ① (swing) 使摇摆 shǐ yáobǎi 
▸ sway your body in time to the music 跟着音乐的节奏摇动你的身体 ② (influence) 使动摇 shǐ dòngyáo 
▸ to be swayed by sb/sth;
 被某人/某事物左右 
▸ to sway sb in favour of doing sth 说服某人赞同做某事 
▸ to sway the outcome in sb's favour 使结果有利于某人 C. noun ① uncountable and countable (swing) 摇摆 yáobǎi ② uncountable literary (power) 势力 shìlì ;
 (influence) 影响力 yǐngxiǎnglì 
▸ under the sway of sb/sth;
 在某人/某事物的影响下 
▸ to hold sway (over sb/sth) (be supremely powerful) （对某人/某事物）具有绝对的支配力 (be supremely influential) （对某人/某事物）具有极大的影响力 
▸ rebel forces hold sway over much of the island 叛军控制了该岛的大部分地区 



swear | BrE swɛː, AmE swɛr | past tense swore past participle sworn A. transitive verb ① (vow, affirm) 发誓 fāshì 
▸ to swear (to sb/sth) that …/to do …;
 （向某人/某物）发誓…/发誓做… 
▸ I swear not to breathe a word to anyone 我发誓不会向任何人吐露一个字 
▸ I swear to God I had nothing to do with it 我向上帝发誓我与此毫无关系 
▸ I didn't take the book: I swear it! 我没有拿那本书：我发誓！ 
▸ to swear revenge on sb 发誓报复某人 
▸ to swear blind (that) … informal 一口咬定… ② (promise under oath) 宣誓 xuānshì ‹loyalty, allegiance, fidelity›;
 (declare) 立 lì ‹oath›
▸ to swear (an oath of) allegiance to sb/sth 立誓效忠某人/某物 
▸ to swear in a court of law that … 在法庭上宣誓… 
▸ I swear on my honour that I knew nothing about this 我以我的名誉发誓，我对此一无所知 
▸ I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth Law 我宣誓所述属实，及为事实之全部，并无虚言 ③ (bind by promise) 使…宣誓 shǐ… xuānshì ‹person, jury, witness›
▸ to be sworn to secrecy/silence/celibacy/chastity 发誓保守秘密/保持沉默/独身/守贞 
▸ the new prime minister was sworn into office 新任首相已宣誓就职 ④ (curse) 咒骂 zhòumà 
▸ 'damn!' he swore “他妈的！”他骂道 B. intransitive verb ① (curse) 咒骂 zhòumà 
▸ I've never heard you swear before! 我以前从未听到过你说脏话！ 
▸ to swear in front of sb 当着某人的面骂人 
▸ to swear at sb/sth;
 咒骂某人/某事物 ② (affirm) 发誓 fāshì 
▸ I'll be there — do you swear? 我会到那儿──你保证吗？ ③ (promise under oath) «person, witness, soldier» 宣誓 xuānshì 
▸ to swear on the Bible/one's honour (that …);
 以《圣经》的名义/以名誉起誓（…） PHRASAL VERBS swear by transitive verb [swear by sb/sth] 极其信赖 jíqí xìnlài ‹remedy, organization, brand›
▸ she swears by meditation as a way of relieving stress 她深信冥想是一种减压的方法 swear in transitive verb [swear sb in, swear in sb] 使…宣誓就职 shǐ… xuānshì jiùzhí ‹president, MP›;
 使…宣誓履行职责 shǐ… xuānshì lǚxíng zhízé ‹jury, witness›
▸ he was sworn in as president 他宣誓就任总统 swear to: transitive verb [swear to sth] 一口咬定 yīkǒu yǎodìng 
▸ I wouldn't swear to it 我对此不能肯定 
▸ to swear to having done sth;
 断言做过某事 



sweat | BrE swɛt, AmE swɛt | A. noun ① uncountable (perspiration) 汗 hàn 
▸ to be covered in sweat 浑身是汗 
▸ to be dripping or pouring with sweat 大汗淋漓 
▸ beads or drops of sweat 汗珠 
▸ no sweat! informal 小事一桩！ 
▸ thanks for everything — hey, no sweat! 多谢你所做的一切──哎呀，举手之劳！ 
▸ will that be all right? — yeah, no sweat 这样可以吗？──行，别费事了 ② countable (state of perspiring) 出汗 chūhàn 
▸ in a sweat 一身汗 
▸ to break (out) into a sweat 浑身冒汗 
▸ to work up a sweat 干出了一身汗 
▸ night sweats 盗汗 ③ uncountable informal (hard work) 繁重的工作 fánzhòng de gōngzuò ;
 (hard effort) 艰苦的努力 jiānkǔ de nǔlì 
▸ by the sweat of one's brow literary 靠自己的辛勤劳动 
▸ to break sweat British or a sweat US informal 费很大力气 ④ countable informal (anxious state) 焦虑 jiāolǜ 
▸ to be in/get in(to) a sweat (over sb/sth) （为某人/某事物）感到/陷入焦虑 ⑤ countable informal (demanding task) 苦差事 kǔchāishì B. sweats plural noun (mainly US) informal (trousers) 运动裤 yùndòngkù ;
 (sweatsuit) 运动服 yùndòngfú C. intransitive verb ① (perspire) 出汗 chūhàn 
▸ to sweat heavily or profusely 大汗淋漓 
▸ he stood there, sweating with fear 他站在那儿，害怕得直流汗 
▸ to sweat like a pig informal 大汗淋漓 ② informal (worry) 担忧 dānyōu 
▸ to let or make sb sweat 让某人担心 ③ informal (work hard) 卖力干活 màilì gànhuó 
▸ to sweat over;
 努力完成 ‹homework, task, report›④ British Cooking (be cooked) «vegetables» 被焖煮 bèi mènzhǔ 
▸ to let sth sweat;
 焖煮某物 ⑤ (produce moisture) «cheese, vegetable» 渗出水珠 shènchū shuǐzhū D. transitive verb ① informal (produce) 冒出 màochū 
▸ to sweat buckets 大汗淋漓 
▸ to sweat bullets US 焦急万分 
▸ to sweat blood (work hard) 累死累活地工作 
▸ I've sweated blood over this essay 我在这篇论文上费尽了心血 
▸ she's sweated blood to support her family 她为养家卖命工作 ② British Cooking 焖 mèn ‹vegetables›③ US informal (worry about) 为…担忧 wèi… dānyōu 
▸ don’t sweat the small stuff 别为细枝末节担忧 PHRASAL VERBS sweat off transitive verb [sweat sth off, sweat off sth] 通过排汗消耗 tōngguò páihàn xiāohào ‹calories, food›;
 通过排汗减轻 tōngguò páihàn jiǎnqīng ‹weight›sweat out transitive verb [sweat sth out, sweat out sth] 通过发汗治好 tōngguò fāhàn zhìhǎo ‹cold, chill, fever›
▸ to sweat it out informal (endure heat or exertion) 熬过 (wait anxiously) 焦急地等待 



sweep | BrE swiːp, AmE swip | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle swept ① (clean with broom) 清扫 qīngsǎo 
▸ to sweep sth clean 把某物清扫干净 ② (clear away with broom, brush, hand) 扫去 sǎoqù 
▸ to sweep sth into/on to sth;
 将某物扫进某物/扫到某物上 
▸ to sweep the crumbs on to the floor/into the wastebasket/into a heap 把面包屑扫到地板上/扫进垃圾桶/扫成一堆 
▸ to sweep sth from or off sth;
 将某物从某物上扫除 
▸ to sweep the snow from or off the path 扫除路上的积雪 ③ (move or push with force) 推送 tuīsòng 
▸ the current swept the logs down the river 激流把圆木冲向河的下游 
▸ to sweep sb/sth from or off/into/on to or over sth;
 将某人/某物推离/推进/推上某处 
▸ he swept me into his arms 他一下把我揽入怀中 
▸ a huge wave swept us off our feet 一个巨浪将我们打翻 
▸ to sweep sb/sth downstream/out to sea 将某人/某物冲向下游/大海 ④ (clear of obstacles) «ship» 清除 qīngchú ‹area, channel, sea›
▸ to sweep sth clear or free (of sth) 清理干净某处（的某物） ⑤ (put in particular state) 一举送入 yījǔ sòngrù 
▸ to be swept to or into power/office 以压倒优势获得选举胜利上台掌权 
▸ to sweep sb off his/her feet 使某人对自己一见倾心 ⑥ (in election) «party» 在…范围内大获全胜 zài… fànwéi nèi dà huò quánshèng ‹country›⑦ (move through) «hurricane, wave, fire» 横扫 héngsǎo ‹area, coast, city›;
 (spread through) «disease, crime, rumour» 席卷 xíjuǎn ‹country, area, city›;
 (be directed over) «gaze, searchlight, periscope» 扫过 sǎoguo ‹sky, room, area›⑧ (skim) «dress, coat» 掠过 lüèguo ‹ground, floor›⑨ (search) «troops, police, vessel» 搜索 sōusuǒ ‹area, sea›
▸ to sweep sth for sb/sth;
 在某处搜寻 ‹escapee, mines, bugs›⑩ (arrange hair) 掠 lüè 
▸ to sweep the hair from one's eyes 把眼睛上的头发掠开 
▸ her hair was swept back from her face/into a chignon 她的头发是从前往后梳的/梳成了发髻 ⑪ US Sport 获得…的全部胜利 huòdé… de quánbù shènglì ‹contest, event›;
 完胜 wánshèng ‹team›
▸ to sweep the series 囊括系列比赛的全部冠军 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle swept ① (clean with broom) 打扫 dǎsǎo ② (move through area) 横扫 héngsǎo ;
 (spread in area) 席卷 xíjuǎn 
▸ to sweep across sth;
 «hurricane» 横扫 héngsǎo ‹land, area› «disease, rumour, news» 席卷 xíjuǎn ‹area, city, country›
▸ the wind swept in from the east 风从东边吹来 
▸ huge waves were sweeping over the deck 巨浪冲上了甲板 
▸ fire swept through the building 大火蔓延到整个大楼 ③ (move quickly) 快速移动 kuàisù yídòng 
▸ to sweep down;
 «plane» 俯冲下来 
▸ to sweep into sth;
 «enemy» 一举攻入 ‹region›
▸ to sweep past sth;
 «vehicle, car» 在某物旁一掠而过 ④ (move majestically) 堂皇地移动 tánghuáng de yídòng 
▸ a mighty eagle swept across the sky 一只雄鹰在空中巍然掠过 
▸ she swept in dressed in a magnificent gown 她穿着华贵的礼服，仪态优雅地走了进来 
▸ to sweep down/into/out of sth;
 庄严地走下/走进/走出某处 ⑤ (enter particular state) 一举进入 yījǔ jìnrù 
▸ to sweep to or into power/office 以压倒优势在选举中获胜/一举上台 
▸ to sweep into the lead 一举取得领先 
▸ to sweep to victory 一举获胜 ⑥ (extend) «road, coast, mountains, plain» 延伸 yánshēn 
▸ to sweep around/down sth;
 绕着/沿着某物延伸 
▸ to sweep down/up to sth;
 向下/向上延伸到某物 
▸ to sweep north or northwards/south or southwards 向北/向南延伸 C. noun ① countable (with broom) 扫 sǎo 
▸ to give sth a sweep 扫一扫某物 
▸ this room needs a good sweep 这个房间需要好好打扫一下 ② countable (swing) 挥动 huīdòng 
▸ the slow sweep of the pendulum 钟摆的缓慢摆动 
▸ with or in one sweep of his hand he knocked all the plates off the shelf 他手一挥，把盘子全部从架子上扫了下来 ③ countable (movement in curve) 掠 lüè 
▸ to make a sweep 掠过 lüèguo ④ countable (curved stretch of road, river, country, etc.) 绵延弯曲的地带 miányán wānqū de dìdài 
▸ the sweep of the cliffs/hills 蜿蜒的悬崖/山丘 ⑤ uncountable (curved range) 范围 fànwéi 
▸ outside the sweep of the guns/searchlights/telescope 在炮火的射程/探照灯的扫射范围/望远镜的视野之外 ⑥ uncountable (scope of events) 广度 guǎngdù 
▸ her book covers the long sweep of the country’s history 她这本书内容涵盖这个国家的漫长历史 ⑦ countable (search on land, at sea, by air) 搜寻 sōuxún 
▸ a sweep of or over or through sth;
 对…的搜寻 ‹area, room, land, sea›
▸ a sweep for sb/sth;
 对…的搜寻 ‹criminals, mines, bugs›
▸ a sweep with sth;
 用…进行的搜索 ‹periscope, telescope, radar›
▸ to make a sweep 进行搜寻 ⑧ countable (comprehensive survey) 扫荡 sǎodàng 
▸ a sweep of or over or through;
 对…的扫荡 ‹area, land, sea›
▸ the bombers made a series of sweeps over enemy territory 轰炸机在敌占区进行了一系列轰炸 ⑨ countable (mainly British) = chimney sweep⑩ countable US (series of wins) 连胜 liánshèng ;
 (comprehensive win) 全胜 quánshèng 
▸ a World Series sweep 在世界棒球联赛中的全胜 ⑪ countable informal = sweepstakeD. sweeps plural noun 
▸ US the sweeps 收视率调查 shōushìlǜ diàochá PHRASAL VERBS sweep along transitive verb [sweep sb/sth along] ① (force to move) «current, water, crowd» 迫使…前移 pòshǐ… qián yí 
▸ to be swept along by the crowd/the strong current 被人群/激流裹挟着向前 ② (cause to become carried away with emotion) 使醉心 shǐ zuìxīn 
▸ to be swept along by the force of one's emotions 受感情力量的驱使 sweep aside transitive verb [sweep sb/sth aside, sweep aside sb/sth] ① (move to one side) 把…推到一边 bǎ… tuīdào yībiān ② (ignore) 对…置之不理 duì… zhì zhī bù lǐ ‹person, protest, offer, inhibition›sweep away A. [sweep sth away, sweep away sth] transitive verb ① (clear away with broom, brush, hand) 扫除 sǎochú ‹dirt, snow, leaves›② (get rid of) 彻底消除 chèdǐ xiāochú ‹restriction, obstacle, difficulty, doubt›B. [sweep sb/sth away, sweep away sb/sth] transitive verb «flood, hurricane, storm» 卷走 juǎnzǒu ‹object, bridge, person›
▸ a big wave came in and swept him away 一个大浪涌来把他冲走了 C. [sweep sb away, sweep away sb] transitive verb «enthusiasm, passion, charm» 使醉心 shǐ zuìxīn 
▸ to be swept away by sth;
 对某事物着迷 sweep out transitive verb [sweep sth out, sweep out sth] 把…打扫干净 bǎ… dǎsǎo gānjìng ‹room›sweep over transitive verb [sweep over sb/sth] ① (be directed over) «eyes, gaze» 扫视 sǎoshì ‹person, room›;
 «searchlight, periscope» 扫过 sǎoguo ‹sky, area›② (come over) «panic, guilt, elation» 强烈影响 qiángliè yǐngxiǎng 
▸ fear swept over him 恐惧感笼罩着他 
▸ the feeling swept over me that … 我猛然觉得… sweep up A. intransitive verb 打扫干净 dǎsǎo gānjìng 
▸ after you've finished in the kitchen, please remember to sweep up 你在厨房里干完活后记得打扫干净 B. transitive verb ① [sweep sth up, sweep up sth] (clear away with broom, brush, hand) 打扫 dǎsǎo 
▸ he swept the leaves up into a pile 他把落叶扫成了一堆 ② [sweep sb/sth up, sweep up sb/sth] (lift) 一把抱起 yī bǎ bào qǐ ‹person›;
 一把拿起 yī bǎ náqǐ ‹object›③ [sweep sb up, sweep up sb] (cause to become carried away) «passion, pleasure, enthusiasm, optimism» 使忘乎所以 shǐ wàng hū suǒ yǐ 
▸ to be swept up in;
 沉醉于 ‹revolution, wave of nationalism›



swell | BrE swɛl, AmE swɛl | A. intransitive verb past tense swelled past participle swollen or swelled ① (distend) «part of body» 肿胀 zhǒngzhàng ② (increase in number or size) 增长 zēngzhǎng 
▸ the crowd had swollen to about 20,000 聚集的人群增加到了大约2万人 ③ (expand) «object, wood, balloon, tyre» 膨胀 péngzhàng ④ (rise) «river» 上涨 shàngzhǎng ⑤ (curve out) 鼓起 gǔqǐ 
▸ the sails swelled in the wind 船帆在风中鼓起 ⑥ (well up) «emotion» 涌起 yǒngqǐ 
▸ pride swelled in her heart as she watched her daughter 她看着女儿，心中涌起一阵骄傲 ⑦ (be affected by emotion) «person, heart» 充满 chōngmǎn 
▸ to swell with emotion;
 情绪激动 
▸ she felt herself swell with indignation 她感到义愤填膺 ⑧ (grow louder) 增强 zēngqiáng 
▸ cheers swelled through the hall 欢呼声响彻了大厅 B. transitive verb past tense swelled past participle swollen or swelled ① (increase in number or size) 增加 zēngjiā 
▸ to swell the ranks of sth 增加某物的数量 ② (cause to rise) «rain, flood water» 使…上涨 shǐ… shàngzhǎng ‹river›③ (cause to curve out) 使鼓起 shǐ gǔqǐ 
▸ the wind began to swell the sails 风把船帆吹得鼓了起来 C. noun ① (movement of sea) 涌动 yǒngdòng 
▸ the gentle/heavy swell of the sea 大海舒缓/巨大的浪涌 ② (bulge) 隆起 lóngqǐ 
▸ the firm swell of her breasts 她挺拔的双乳 ③ (increase) (in amount of support, opposition, patriotism) 增长 zēngzhǎng ;
 (in loudness of sound) 增强 zēngqiáng 
▸ a massive swell of strings 弦乐声部的磅礴响起 ④ (welling up of emotion) 高涨 gāozhǎng 
▸ a swell of pride swept over him 一股自豪之情涌上他的心头 ⑤ dated informal (fashionable person) 时髦人物 shímáo rénwù ⑥ (mechanism of organ, harmonium) 音量调节器 yīnliàng tiáojiéqì D. adjective US dated informal 很棒的 hěn bàng de ‹time, party, guy›E. adverb US dated informal 极好地 jí hǎo de PHRASAL VERB swell up intransitive verb ① (distend) «part of body» 肿胀 zhǒngzhàng ;
 (expand) «bud, wood, balloon, tyre» 膨胀 péngzhàng ② (well up) 涌起 yǒngqǐ 
▸ anger swelled up in her chest 她心中涌起愤怒 ③ (be affected by emotion) 充满感情 chōngmǎn gǎnqíng 
▸ I felt my heart swell up 我感觉心潮起伏 
▸ to swell up with pride;
 满腔自豪 



swim | BrE swɪm, AmE swɪm | A. intransitive verb present participle swimming past tense swam past participle swum ① (move through water) 游泳 yóuyǒng 
▸ to swim underwater/on one's back/on one's front 潜泳/仰泳/俯游 
▸ to swim downstream/upstream 游向下游/上游 
▸ to swim across sth;
 游过某物 
▸ to swim for/to the shore;
 游向岸边 
▸ to swim around/away/past;
 来回游动/游走/游过去 
▸ to swim in/up and down sth;
 在某物中游/游来游去 
▸ to leave sb to sink or swim figurative 让某人自己去拼搏 ② (be immersed) 浸泡 jìnpào 
▸ to be swimming in sth;
 浸泡在某物中 
▸ to be swimming with sth;
 充溢着某物 
▸ the meat was swimming in fat 肉油汪汪的 
▸ her eyes were swimming with tears 她眼睛里饱含泪水 ③ (appear to whirl, reel) «scene, room, mirage» 仿佛在旋转 fǎngfú zài xuánzhuǎn ;
 «letters, figures, pages» 似乎在晃动 sìhū zài huàngdòng ;
 «head» 眩晕 xuànyùn 
▸ to swim before sb's eyes 仿佛在某人的眼前晃动 B. transitive verb present participle swimming past tense swam past participle swum ① (perform action, cover distance) 游过 yóuguo ‹length, mile›
▸ to swim the Channel 游过英吉利海峡 ② (compete in) 参加…游泳 cānjiā… yóuyǒng 
▸ to swim a race/event/heat 参加游泳比赛/项目/预赛 
▸ the race is swum over 10 lengths 比赛要游5个来回 C. noun 游泳 yóuyǒng 
▸ to go for a swim 去游泳 
▸ to have a swim 游泳 yóuyǒng 
▸ in the swim (of things) informal 合潮流 



swing | BrE swɪŋ, AmE swɪŋ | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle swung ① (cause to sway) 摆动 bǎidòng ‹arms, legs›;
 挥动 huīdòng ‹object›
▸ to swing sb/sth to and fro/backwards and forwards/from side to side 来回/前后/左右摇晃某人/某物 ② (move in curve) 使…突然转动 shǐ… tūrán zhuàndòng ‹gate, implement›;
 使…突然转向 shǐ… tūrán zhuǎnxiàng ‹person, vehicle›
▸ he swung the camera around to face the opposite direction 他猛地将照相机转过来对着相反方向 
▸ to swing sb/sth around and around 使某人/某物不停地转动 
▸ the driver swung the car around the corner 司机猛地将车转过拐角 
▸ she swung the sword at my head 她挥剑朝我的头砍来 
▸ to swing sb/sth into/on to sth;
 将某人/某物抛进某物/抛到某物上 
▸ he swung the sword over his head 他手拿那把剑在头上挥舞 
▸ the captain swung the periscope through 180° 船长将潜望镜转动了180度 
▸ he swung the gate open/shut 他一下推开/关上了大门 ③ (aim) 挥 huī ‹blow›
▸ she swung a punch at him 她朝他挥了一拳 ④ (cause to change) 使…转变 shǐ… zhuǎnbiàn ‹person, jury, election, match›
▸ to swing sb/sth sb's way 使某人/某事物转而按某人的方式行事/发展 
▸ to swing sb/sth in sb's favour 使某人/某事物转而变得对某人有利 
▸ to swing voters away from/towards the party 使选民们转而反对/支持这个政党 ⑤ informal (cause to succeed) 搞定 gǎodìng ‹interview, deal›;
 搞到 gǎodào ‹job›
▸ to swing it for sb (to do sth);
 为某人搞定（某事） 
▸ to swing it 搞定 gǎodìng 
▸ can you swing it for me? 你能为我搞定吗？ 
▸ it was the large bribe that swung it 靠大笔贿赂才把事情办成 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle swung ① (sway) 摇摆 yáobǎi 
▸ she sat on the branch with her legs swinging 她坐在树枝上，双腿摆动着 
▸ a set of keys swung from her belt 一串钥匙在她的腰带上摆来摆去 
▸ the boy swung by his hands from the branch 小男孩用手挂在树枝上来回摆荡 
▸ the bucket was swinging on the end of a rope 桶在绳子的一端摇晃着 
▸ to swing to and fro/backwards and forwards/from side to side 来回/前后/左右摇摆 
▸ to swing at anchor Nautical 在锚地摇摆 
▸ to swing both ways informal 是双性恋 ② (move by holding on to sth) «person, animal» 荡 dàng 
▸ to swing across/down/up sth;
 荡过/荡下/荡上某物 
▸ to swing on to/along sth;
 荡到某物上去/沿着某物荡 
▸ the ape swung from branch to branch 大猩猩从一根树枝荡到另一根树枝 ③ (move in curve) «gate, door» 转动 zhuàndòng ;
 «car, river, road» 转向 zhuǎnxiàng 
▸ to swing around/back/into/out of/to or towards sth;
 转过/折返回/拐进/拐出/转向某物 
▸ to swing open/shut 转动着打开/关闭 
▸ to swing into action 立即投入行动 
▸ a full-scale evacuation operation swung into action 全线撤退行动立即开始实施 ④ (move with swaying gait) 摇摆着行进 yáobǎizhe xíngjìn 
▸ to swing along/past;
 摇摆着向前走/走过去 
▸ to swing along/down/up the road;
 摇摇摆摆地沿路走向前/走下去/走过来 ⑤ (try to hit) 挥击 huījī 
▸ to swing at sb/sth (with sth);
 （挥动某物）朝某人/某物打去 ⑥ (change) «person, voting, mood, opinion» 转变 zhuǎnbiàn 
▸ the game could swing either way 这场比赛胜负未知 
▸ to swing between sth and sth/from sth to sth;
 在某事物和某事物之间摇摆/从某事物转变到某事物 
▸ his mood swings unpredictably from optimism to pessimism 他的情绪变化无常，时而乐观，时而悲观 
▸ to swing to or towards sth;
 朝某事物转变 
▸ the mood of the voters has swung towards the government 选民们的态度已经变得倾向于政府了 
▸ to swing in favour of/against sb/sth 变得有利/不利于某人/某事物 ⑦ informal (be lively) 热闹 rènao ;
 (be fashionable) 时髦 shímáo 
▸ the party was swinging 这个聚会很热闹 ⑧ informal (in terms of sexual preference) 滥交 làn jiāo ;
 (by swapping sexual partner) 交换性伴侣 jiāohuàn xìngbànlǚ ⑨ (be played, play rhythmically) «music, song, tune» 具有强劲节奏 jùyǒu qiángjìng jiézòu ;
 «band, musician» 以强劲节奏演奏 yǐ qiángjìng jiézòu yǎnzòu ;
 «person» 以强劲节奏演唱 yǐ qiángjìng jiézòu yǎnchàng C. to swing oneself reflexive verb past tense, past participle swung 
▸ to swing oneself across/along sth;
 荡过某物/沿着某物荡 dàngguo mǒu wù/yánzhe mǒu wù dàng 
▸ to swing oneself down/up;
 荡到下面/上面去 dàngdào xiàmian/shàngmian qù 
▸ she swung herself from branch to branch 她从一根树枝荡到另一根树枝 
▸ he swung himself into the driver's seat/out of the car 他纵身坐到了驾驶座上/跳下汽车 D. noun ① countable (wheeling action of arm, object) 挥动 huīdòng ;
 Sport (hitting action of golf club, bat) 挥击 huījī 
▸ to take or aim a swing at sb/sth (with sth) （挥动某物）朝某人/某物打去 ② countable (swaying movement of pendulum, instrument, body, hips) 摆动 bǎidòng ;
 (wide curved movement of ball, door, gate, window) 转动 zhuàndòng 
▸ to go with a swing British informal «party, event» 气氛热烈 
▸ to get in or into the swing (of it or things) informal (become fully involved) 融入（某事物） 
▸ to get back in or into the swing (of it or things) informal (get used to again) 重新熟悉（某种情况） 
▸ to be in full swing «party, meeting, strike, inquiry» 正在热烈进行中 ③ countable (change) (in voting, public opinion, mood) 变动 biàndòng ;
 (in prices, values, economy, business activity) 波动 bōdòng 
▸ market swings Finance 市场波动 
▸ he is prone to abrupt swings in mood or mood swings 他的情绪容易大起大落 
▸ a swing to the left/right Politics 向左翼/右翼的摇摆 
▸ a swing towards/away from sb/sth;
 向着/背离某人/某事物的变化 ④ countable (suspended seat) 秋千 qiūqiān 
▸ can we go on the swings? 我们可以去荡秋千吗？ 
▸ to give sb a swing 为某人晃秋千 ⑤ uncountable (type of music) 摇摆乐 yáobǎiyuè ;
 before noun 摇摆乐的 yáobǎiyuè de 
▸ the swing era 摇摆乐时代 
▸ swing dance/music/band 摇摆舞/摇摆乐/摇摆乐团 ⑥ uncountable and countable (rhythm or drive of music, dance) 强劲的节奏 qiángjìng de jiézòu 
▸ to go with a swing «music, tune, piece» 有强劲的节奏 ⑦ countable US (swift tour) [尤指竞选中的] 巡回行程 xúnhuí xíngchéng PHRASAL VERB swing around, British swing round intransitive verb 突然转向 tūrán zhuǎnxiàng 
▸ to swing around in one's chair 坐着椅子突然转身 
▸ to swing around on sb 突然转向某人 
▸ to swing around to do sth 突然转身去做某事 



swot | BrE swɒt, AmE swɑt | British informal A. intransitive verb present participle swotting past tense, past participle swotted [尤指为准备考试] 刻苦学习 kèkǔ xuéxí 
▸ to swot for;
 用功准备 ‹exam, interview›B. noun derogatory 书呆子 shūdāizi PHRASAL VERB swot up British informal A. transitive verb [swot sth up, swot up sth] 刻苦学习 kèkǔ xuéxí ‹subject›B. intransitive verb 
▸ to swot up on;
 用功温习 yònggōng wēnxí ‹subject›
