


邦 bāng ①名 国家。治国安邦 | 友邦 | 邦交 | 联邦 ②名 姓。 用法说明 左边“”的第一画是横，第四画是竖撇。由“邦”构成的字有“梆” “帮” “绑”等。



banish | BrE ˈbanɪʃ, AmE ˈbænɪʃ | transitive verb ① formal (expel) 驱逐 qūzhú 
▸ the government banished him from the country 政府把他驱逐出境 ② literary (often humorous) (drive away) 驱走 qūzǒu ‹person, animal, idea›
▸ to banish dogs from the house 把狗从房子里赶出去 
▸ to banish all thoughts of winter 打消所有关于冬天的想法 



bash | BrE baʃ, AmE bæʃ | informal A. noun ① (blow) 猛击 měng jī ② (dent) 凹痕 āohén 
▸ my car has a bash on the door 我那辆车的车门撞瘪了一块 ③ (attempt) 尝试 chángshì 
▸ to have a bash at sth, to give sth a bash;
 尝试做某事 ④ informal (party) 盛大聚会 shèngdà jùhuì 
▸ a birthday bash 生日庆典 B. transitive verb ① (hit or punch hard) 猛击 měng jī ② (collide with) 猛撞 měng zhuàng ‹vehicle, person, wall›③ (criticize) 无端地指责 wúduān de zhǐzé ‹race, political opponent, trade union›C. intransitive verb 猛烈撞击 měngliè zhuàngjī 
▸ to bash into sb/sth;
 猛地撞上某人/某物 PHRASAL VERBS bash about, bash around: transitive verb [bash sb about or around] informal 殴打 ōudǎ bash in, bash down: transitive verb [bash sth in, bash in sth] informal 不断猛击 bùduàn měng jī [使之毁坏]
▸ to bash the door in 砸倒房门 
▸ bash those cardboard boxes in 砸瘪那些纸盒 bash on intransitive verb informal 坚持 jiānchí 
▸ to bash on (with sth);
 坚持（做某事） bash out: transitive verb [bash out sth, bash sth out] 大量粗制滥造地做 dàliàng cū zhì làn zào de zuò bash up transitive verb [bash sb/sth up, bash up sb/sth] informal 猛击 měng jī 



bat1 | BrE bat, AmE bæt | A. noun ① (in cricket, table tennis) 球板 qiúbǎn ;
 (in baseball) 球棒 qiúbàng 
▸ to do sth off one's own bat 主动做某事 
▸ off the bat US 毫不犹豫地 ② British informal (speed) 速度 sùdù 
▸ he disappeared at a tremendous bat 他飞快地消失了 ③ (cudgel) 短棍 duǎn gùn B. transitive verb present participle batting past tense, past participle batted ① 
▸ to bat one's eyelids or eyes 眨眼 zhǎyǎn 
▸ without batting an eyelid or eye figurative 连眼睛都不眨一下 ② (hit) 击打 jīdǎ C. intransitive verb present participle batting past tense, past participle batted 用球板击球 yòng qiúbǎn jī qiú 
▸ to go to bat for sb figurative (mainly US) informal 支持某人 PHRASAL VERB bat around transitive verb [bat sth around, bat around sth] 详细讨论 xiángxì tǎolùn ‹idea, proposal›







bear1 | BrE bɛː, AmE bɛr | past tense bore past participle borne A. transitive verb ① (carry) 承载 chéngzài 
▸ he bore a tray of food into the room 他托着一盘食物进了房间 
▸ the seeds are borne on the wind 种子随风飘散 ② (bring) 携带 xiédài ‹flowers, food, message›③ (be marked with) 带有…的印记 dàiyǒu… de yìnjì 
▸ to bear one's signature 有某人的签名 
▸ he still bears the scars (physical) 他身上还留有伤疤 (mental) 他仍留有痛苦的回忆 ④ (have) 具有 jùyǒu 
▸ to bear a resemblance to sb/sth 与某人/某事物相似 
▸ to bear no relation to sb/sth 与某人/某事物不相干 
▸ to bear no comparison with sb/sth 比不上某人/某事物 ⑤ (be called by) 拥有 yōngyǒu ‹title›
▸ the machine bears his name 那种机器以他的名字命名 ⑥ (support) 承受 chéngshòu ‹load, weight›;
 承受…的重量 chéngshòu… de zhòngliàng ‹person›⑦ (accept) 承担 chéngdān ‹cost, blame›
▸ to bear one's responsibilities lightly 举重若轻 ⑧ (endure, tolerate) 忍受 rěnshòu ‹pain, hardship›
▸ to be more than sb can bear 令某人难以容忍 
▸ she can't bear the smell of paint/to see them suffer 她受不了油漆味儿/不忍心看到他们受苦 ⑨ (stand up to) 经得起 jīngdeqǐ ‹scrutiny, inspection›
▸ to not bear close examination 经不起推敲 
▸ the jokes don't bear repetition 这些笑话说第二遍就没意思了 
▸ the consequences don't bear thinking about 后果不堪设想 ⑩ (yield) 结 jiē ‹fruit›;
 开 kāi ‹blossom›;
 长出 zhǎngchū ‹crops›⑪ (generate) «account, investment» 产生 chǎnshēng ‹interest›;
 «effort, attempt» 取得 qǔdé ‹result›
▸ an account that bears no interest 无息账户 ⑫ (feel) 心怀 xīnhuái 
▸ to bear no hatred towards sb 不恨某人 
▸ to bear sb ill will 对某人有恶意 ⑬ formal (give birth to) 生 shēng ‹young›
▸ to bear sb a child 为某人生孩子 → born AB. intransitive verb ① (move) «person, vehicle» 行进 xíngjìn ;
 «road, track» 延伸 yánshēn 
▸ bear (to the) left 向左拐 ② 
▸ (be directed) to bring sth to bear (on sb/sth) literal 把某物对准（某人/某物） figurative 把某事物用于（某人/某事物） bǎ mǒu shìwù yòngyú(mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù) 
▸ to bring all one's energies to bear on sth 全力以赴做某事 C. to bear oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to bear oneself proudly/with dignity;
 昂首阔步/举止庄重 áng shǒu kuò bù/jǔzhǐ zhuāngzhòng PHRASAL VERBS bear along transitive verb [bear sb/sth along, bear along sb/sth] ① (carry) 运送 yùnsòng 
▸ to be borne along by the tide 随潮水漂走 ② figurative (excite) 刺激 cìjī 
▸ to be borne along by one's enthusiasm 被激情冲昏头脑 bear away: A. transitive verb [bear sb/sth away, bear away sb/sth] 带走 dàizǒu B. intransitive verb Nautical 改变航向顺风行驶 gǎibiàn hángxiàng shùnfēng xíngshǐ bear down intransitive verb ① (press) «person, load» 向下压 xiàng xià yā 
▸ to bear down on sb/sth;
 压住某人/某物 ② (in childbirth) «woman» 用力 yònglì bear down on, bear down upon transitive verb [bear down on or upon sb/sth] 冲向 chōngxiàng 
▸ the hounds bore down on the helpless fox 猎犬扑向无助的狐狸 bear in on, bear in upon: transitive verb 
▸ to be borne in on or upon sb;
 被某人认识到 bèi mǒu rén rènshi dào 
▸ the truth was gradually borne in on or upon them 他们逐渐了解到真相 bear off [bear sb/sth off, bearoff sb/sth] transitive verb ① (transport away) 带走 dàizǒu ② Nautical 驶离 shǐlí bear on transitive verb [bear on sb/sth] ① (be relevant to) «fact, decision, story» 和…有关 hé… yǒuguān 
▸ factors bearing directly on the outcome 直接影响结果的那些因素 ② 
▸ (be burden on) to bear hard or heavily on sb/sth;
 «law, price increase» 给某人/某机构带来沉重负担 gěi mǒu rén/mǒu jīgòu dàilái chénzhòng fùdān 
▸ to bear heavily on sb's conscience 使某人倍感愧疚 shǐ mǒu rén bèi gǎn kuìjiù bear out: transitive verb [bear sb/sth out, bear out sb/sth] 为…作证 wèi… zuòzhèng 
▸ I think you will bear me out on this 我想在这一点上你会为我作证 bear up intransitive verb ① (cope) 保持振作 bǎochí zhènzuò 
▸ to bear up under or against sth;
 经受得住 ‹shock, misfortune›② (support weight) «bridge, branch» 支撑住 zhīchēng zhù 
▸ will the ice bear up under our weight? 冰能承受得住我们的重量吗？ bear upon transitive verb = bear onbear with: transitive verb [bear with sb/sth] 耐心对待 nàixīn duìdài 
▸ please bear with me for a minute 请耐心听我说两句 
▸ if you bear with it, … 如果你有耐心的话，… 



bear1 | BrE bɛː, AmE bɛr | past tense bore past participle borne A. transitive verb ① (carry) 承载 chéngzài 
▸ he bore a tray of food into the room 他托着一盘食物进了房间 
▸ the seeds are borne on the wind 种子随风飘散 ② (bring) 携带 xiédài ‹flowers, food, message›③ (be marked with) 带有…的印记 dàiyǒu… de yìnjì 
▸ to bear one's signature 有某人的签名 
▸ he still bears the scars (physical) 他身上还留有伤疤 (mental) 他仍留有痛苦的回忆 ④ (have) 具有 jùyǒu 
▸ to bear a resemblance to sb/sth 与某人/某事物相似 
▸ to bear no relation to sb/sth 与某人/某事物不相干 
▸ to bear no comparison with sb/sth 比不上某人/某事物 ⑤ (be called by) 拥有 yōngyǒu ‹title›
▸ the machine bears his name 那种机器以他的名字命名 ⑥ (support) 承受 chéngshòu ‹load, weight›;
 承受…的重量 chéngshòu… de zhòngliàng ‹person›⑦ (accept) 承担 chéngdān ‹cost, blame›
▸ to bear one's responsibilities lightly 举重若轻 ⑧ (endure, tolerate) 忍受 rěnshòu ‹pain, hardship›
▸ to be more than sb can bear 令某人难以容忍 
▸ she can't bear the smell of paint/to see them suffer 她受不了油漆味儿/不忍心看到他们受苦 ⑨ (stand up to) 经得起 jīngdeqǐ ‹scrutiny, inspection›
▸ to not bear close examination 经不起推敲 
▸ the jokes don't bear repetition 这些笑话说第二遍就没意思了 
▸ the consequences don't bear thinking about 后果不堪设想 ⑩ (yield) 结 jiē ‹fruit›;
 开 kāi ‹blossom›;
 长出 zhǎngchū ‹crops›⑪ (generate) «account, investment» 产生 chǎnshēng ‹interest›;
 «effort, attempt» 取得 qǔdé ‹result›
▸ an account that bears no interest 无息账户 ⑫ (feel) 心怀 xīnhuái 
▸ to bear no hatred towards sb 不恨某人 
▸ to bear sb ill will 对某人有恶意 ⑬ formal (give birth to) 生 shēng ‹young›
▸ to bear sb a child 为某人生孩子 → born AB. intransitive verb ① (move) «person, vehicle» 行进 xíngjìn ;
 «road, track» 延伸 yánshēn 
▸ bear (to the) left 向左拐 ② 
▸ (be directed) to bring sth to bear (on sb/sth) literal 把某物对准（某人/某物） figurative 把某事物用于（某人/某事物） bǎ mǒu shìwù yòngyú(mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù) 
▸ to bring all one's energies to bear on sth 全力以赴做某事 C. to bear oneself reflexive verb 
▸ to bear oneself proudly/with dignity;
 昂首阔步/举止庄重 áng shǒu kuò bù/jǔzhǐ zhuāngzhòng PHRASAL VERBS bear along transitive verb [bear sb/sth along, bear along sb/sth] ① (carry) 运送 yùnsòng 
▸ to be borne along by the tide 随潮水漂走 ② figurative (excite) 刺激 cìjī 
▸ to be borne along by one's enthusiasm 被激情冲昏头脑 bear away: A. transitive verb [bear sb/sth away, bear away sb/sth] 带走 dàizǒu B. intransitive verb Nautical 改变航向顺风行驶 gǎibiàn hángxiàng shùnfēng xíngshǐ bear down intransitive verb ① (press) «person, load» 向下压 xiàng xià yā 
▸ to bear down on sb/sth;
 压住某人/某物 ② (in childbirth) «woman» 用力 yònglì bear down on, bear down upon transitive verb [bear down on or upon sb/sth] 冲向 chōngxiàng 
▸ the hounds bore down on the helpless fox 猎犬扑向无助的狐狸 bear in on, bear in upon: transitive verb 
▸ to be borne in on or upon sb;
 被某人认识到 bèi mǒu rén rènshi dào 
▸ the truth was gradually borne in on or upon them 他们逐渐了解到真相 bear off [bear sb/sth off, bearoff sb/sth] transitive verb ① (transport away) 带走 dàizǒu ② Nautical 驶离 shǐlí bear on transitive verb [bear on sb/sth] ① (be relevant to) «fact, decision, story» 和…有关 hé… yǒuguān 
▸ factors bearing directly on the outcome 直接影响结果的那些因素 ② 
▸ (be burden on) to bear hard or heavily on sb/sth;
 «law, price increase» 给某人/某机构带来沉重负担 gěi mǒu rén/mǒu jīgòu dàilái chénzhòng fùdān 
▸ to bear heavily on sb's conscience 使某人倍感愧疚 shǐ mǒu rén bèi gǎn kuìjiù bear out: transitive verb [bear sb/sth out, bear out sb/sth] 为…作证 wèi… zuòzhèng 
▸ I think you will bear me out on this 我想在这一点上你会为我作证 bear up intransitive verb ① (cope) 保持振作 bǎochí zhènzuò 
▸ to bear up under or against sth;
 经受得住 ‹shock, misfortune›② (support weight) «bridge, branch» 支撑住 zhīchēng zhù 
▸ will the ice bear up under our weight? 冰能承受得住我们的重量吗？ bear upon transitive verb = bear onbear with: transitive verb [bear with sb/sth] 耐心对待 nàixīn duìdài 
▸ please bear with me for a minute 请耐心听我说两句 
▸ if you bear with it, … 如果你有耐心的话，… 



beat | BrE biːt, AmE bit | A. transitive verb past tense beat past participle beaten ① (strike) 击打 jīdǎ ‹person, animal›
▸ to beat sb/sth to death 打死某人/某动物 
▸ to beat sb into submission 打得某人屈服 
▸ to beat sb black and blue 把某人打得鼻青脸肿 
▸ to beat a bit of respect into sb 迫使某人学会对人尊重一点 
▸ to beat grammar into sb's head 给某人灌输语法知识 ② (strike with tool, part of body) 锤打 chuídǎ ‹metal›;
 拍打 pāida ‹carpet›;
 敲打 qiāodǎ ‹door›;
 «bird, animal» 拍打 pāida ‹air, ground›
▸ to beat sth into shape 把某物打造成型 ③ (cause to strike) 用…打 yòng… dǎ 
▸ he beat his fists against the door 他用拳头砸门 ④ Music (produce sound on) 敲 qiāo ‹drum, gong›⑤ Music (indicate rhythm) 打 dǎ ‹rhythm›
▸ to beat time (with sth) （用某物）打拍子 ⑥ Military «drummer» 敲奏出 qiāozòu chū ‹tattoo, signal›→ retreat A1, A2⑦ (mix vigorously) 快速搅拌 kuàisù jiǎobàn ‹cream, mixture›
▸ beat the eggs 打蛋 
▸ to beat sth into sth;
 将某物搅拌入某物 ⑧ Hunting [为惊起猎物而] 拍打 pāida ‹undergrowth›⑨ (create route by walking) 踏出 tàchū ‹path›→ path 1⑩ (make way by removing obstacles) 辟出 pìchū 
▸ to beat a path through the jungle 在丛林中开出一条路 
▸ to beat one's way through the onlookers 从旁观的人群中挤过去 ⑪ 
▸ to beat it informal (leave quickly) 走开 zǒukāi 
▸ we decided to beat it 我们决定溜之大吉 ⑫ (flap) 拍打 pāida 
▸ the bird/insect beat its wings 鸟/昆虫拍动翅膀 ⑬ (defeat) 打败 dǎbài ‹opponent, team, army›
▸ to be beaten at sth 输掉某事 
▸ if you can't beat 'em, join 'em proverb humorous 打不赢，就投靠 ⑭ (overcome) 解决…问题 jiějué… wèntí ‹unemployment, child abuse, inflation›;
 战胜 zhànshèng ‹illness›
▸ to beat heroin addiction 戒掉海洛因毒瘾 ⑮ (do or be better than) 超过 chāoguò ‹target, score›
▸ to beat the record 打破纪录 
▸ beat that (if you can)! 有本事你来试试！ 
▸ that beats everything! 真是绝无仅有！ 
▸ you can't beat Italian shoes 意大利的皮鞋无与伦比 ⑯ (baffle) «problem, puzzle» 难倒 nándǎo ‹person›
▸ a mystery that beats even the experts 连专家都解不开的谜 
▸ to have sb beat informal or beaten 难住某人 
▸ why did he leave? — beats me informal 他为什么离开了？──我说不上来 ⑰ US informal (be acquitted of) 逃避 táobì ‹rap, charge›⑱ (arrive before) 抢先 qiǎngxiān 
▸ he beat me to the door 他抢在我之前到了门口 
▸ to beat sb to the altar 比某人早结婚 
▸ to beat sb to it 比某人抢先一步 ⑲ (avoid) 避免 bìmiǎn 
▸ to beat the rush hour 避开交通高峰时段 B. intransitive verb past tense beat past participle beaten ① 
▸ (collide) to beat against/on sth;
 «waves» 拍打 pāida ‹shore, cliff› «rain» 击打 jīdǎ ‹window, face›② 
▸ (strike repeatedly) to beat at or on sth;
 接连击打 ‹door› 接连扑打 jiēlián pūdǎ ‹flames›③ Physiology «heart, pulse» 跳动 tiàodòng ④ (make sound) «drum» 敲响 qiāoxiǎng 
▸ drums beating in the distance 远处的鼓声 ⑤ (flap) «wings» 扑扇 pūshān ⑥ Hunting [为惊起猎物而] 拍打树丛等 pāida shùcóng děng ⑦ Nautical «person, boat» 以“之”字形抢风航行 yǐ “ zhī ” zìxíng qiǎng fēng hángxíng 
▸ to beat to windward 抢上风航行 C. noun ① (hitting sound) 敲击声 qiāojī shēng 
▸ the beat of the drums 鼓声 ② Music (rhythm) 节奏 jiézòu ;
 (in bar) 节拍 jiépāi 
▸ to follow or keep to the beat 跟上节奏 ③ (in poetry) 强音 qiángyīn ④ (of heart, pulse) 跳动 tiàodòng 
▸ sb's heart misses or skips a beat 某人的心里咯噔一下 ⑤ Physics 拍音 pāi yīn ⑥ (in policing) (area) 辖区 xiáqū ;
 (route) 巡逻路线 xúnluó lùxiàn 
▸ a policeman on the beat 巡警 ⑦ (area or route worked) 负责区域 fùzé qūyù 
▸ the journalist's beat 记者的采访区域 ⑧ (field of interest) 专长 zhuāncháng 
▸ to be off sb's beat 非某人本行 D. adjective predicative informal 筋疲力尽的 jīn pí lì jìn de 
▸ I'm (dead) beat 我累垮了 PHRASAL VERBS beat back: transitive verb [beat sb/sth back, beat back sb/sth] 击退 jītuì ‹person›;
 压住 yāzhù ‹flames›beat down A. intransitive verb ① (fall) «rain» 倾泻 qīngxiè ;
 «hail» 猛地砸落 měng de záluò ② 
▸ (shine) to beat down on sb/sth;
 «sun» 强烈照射某人/某物 qiángliè zhàoshè mǒu rén/mǒu wù B. [beat sth down, beat down sth] transitive verb ① (flatten) «wind» 吹倒 chuīdǎo ‹crops, grass›;
 «rain» 冲倒 chōngdǎo ‹crops, grass›② (knock down) 砸开 zá kāi ‹door›C. [beat sb/sth down, beat down sb/sth] transitive verb (force to reduce price) «buyer» 使…降价 shǐ… jiàngjià ‹seller›;
 «buyer» 压低 yādī ‹price›beat in: transitive verb [beat sth in, beat in sth] 砸破 zápò ‹head, door, box›beat off: transitive verb [beat off sb/sth, beat sb/sth off] 击退 jītuì ‹attacker, attack›;
 赶走 gǎnzǒu ‹insect›beat out A. transitive verb [beat sth out, beat out sth] ① (flatten) 锤平 chuípíng ‹metal›
▸ the gold was beaten out into thin sheets 金子被锤打成金箔 ② (remove) 敲平 qiāopíng ‹dent, lump›;
 拍落 pāiluò ‹dust, dirt›
▸ to beat sth out of sth;
 把某物从某物上拍落下来 
▸ to beat the shit vulgar slang or crap vulgar slang or hell informal out of sb 痛打某人 → daylight B③ (put stop to) 遏止 èzhǐ ‹behaviour›;
 消除 xiāochú ‹habit, attitude›④ (extinguish) 扑灭 pūmiè ‹flames›⑤ (produce) «person, drum» 敲奏出 qiāozòu chū ‹rhythm, tune›B. transitive verb 
▸ to beat sth out of sb (extract) 逼迫某人说出 bīpò mǒu rén shuōchū ‹truth, confession›beat up: transitive verb informal ① [beat sb up, beat up sb] (assault) 痛打 tòngdǎ ② (mainly US) 
▸ (blame) to beat oneself up about or over sth;
 因某事而自责 yīn mǒu shì ér zìzé 



beautify | BrE ˈbjuːtɪfʌɪ, AmE ˈbjudəˌfaɪ | A. transitive verb 美化 měihuà B. to beautify oneself reflexive verb 打扮 dǎban 



become | BrE bɪˈkʌm, AmE bəˈkəm | past tense became past participle become A. intransitive verb ① (grow to be) 变成 biànchéng ;
 (begin to be) 开始变得 kāishǐ biàndé ;
 (achieve position of) 成为 chéngwéi 
▸ to become an adult 长大成人 
▸ to become thin/fat 变瘦/长胖 
▸ to become known in the art world 在艺术界成名 
▸ she is becoming very hard of hearing 她耳朵越来越背了 
▸ to become king/a doctor/a father 成为国王/医生/父亲 ② (happen to) 发生 fāshēng 
▸ what became of the photographs? 那些照片放哪儿了？ 
▸ what will become of her? 她的命运将会怎样？ B. transitive verb (be appropriate for) 适合 shìhé 
▸ to become sb;
 «garment, colour, hairstyle» 使某人显得漂亮 «manner, attitude, utterance» 与某人的身份相称 yǔ mǒu rén de shēnfèn xiāngchèn 
▸ modesty becomes a young person 年轻人应该谦虚 
▸ to ill become sb 不适合某人 



befall | BrE bɪˈfɔːl, AmE bəˈfɔl | past tense befell | bɪˈfel | ;
 past participle befallen | bɪˈfɔːlən | literary A. transitive verb «fate» 降临于 jiànglín yú 
▸ I hope no harm will ever befall him 但愿他永远平安 B. intransitive verb «fate, event» 降临 jiànglín 
▸ whatever may befall, I shall never forget our meeting 不管发生什么，我永远不会忘记我们的会面 



beg | BrE bɛɡ, AmE bɛɡ | present participle begging past tense, past participle begged A. intransitive verb ① (solicit) 乞讨 qǐtǎo 
▸ to beg for sth 讨要某物 
▸ to be going begging informal 没人要 ② (plead, entreat) 恳求 kěnqiú 
▸ to beg for mercy/help 恳求怜悯/帮助 B. transitive verb ① (solicit) 乞讨 qǐtǎo ‹money, food›
▸ can I beg a light from you? 可以跟您借个火吗？ ② formal (request) 请求 qǐngqiú ‹favour›
▸ I beg your pardon 请原谅 
▸ to beg sb's forgiveness 请某人宽恕 
▸ to beg leave or permission to do sth;
 请求允许做某事 
▸ to beg to differ (with sb) 恕不赞同（某人） ③ (plead, entreat) 恳求 kěnqiú 
▸ to beg sb to do sth 恳求某人做某事 ④ (leave unresolved) 回避 huíbì ‹issue›
▸ to beg the question 回避问题 PHRASAL VERB beg off intransitive verb informal 推辞 tuīcí 
▸ to beg off at the last minute 在最后时刻反悔 



begin | BrE bɪˈɡɪn, AmE bɪˈɡɪn | past tense began past participle begun A. transitive verb ① (start doing, start out on) 开始 kāishǐ ‹career, meeting, game›
▸ to begin to do sth, to begin doing sth;
 开始做某事 
▸ begin a new paragraph 另起一段 
▸ to begin a journey 起程 
▸ they began their married life in a bedsitter 他们结婚时住在起居兼卧室两用的租间里 
▸ she began life as a grocer's daughter 她出生于食品杂货商家庭 
▸ to begin sth by doing sth/with sth;
 以做某事/以某事物作为某事的开端 ② (start using) 开启 kāiqǐ ‹bottle›;
 开始吃 kāishǐ chī ‹loaf›;
 开始用 kāishǐ yòng ‹page, notebook›③ (say as first words) «letter» 开始写道 kāishǐ xiě dào ;
 «story» 开始讲道 kāishǐ jiǎng dào 
▸ ‘once upon a time,’she began “从前啊，”她开始说道 ④ (have slightest success) 一点也 yīdiǎn yě 
▸ I can't begin to tell you how grateful I am 我对你的感激之情难以言表 
▸ I didn't begin to understand 我完全不明白 ⑤ (initiate) 发起 fāqǐ ‹campaign›;
 创建 chuàngjiàn ‹dynasty›;
 引起 yǐnqǐ ‹debate, dispute, trend›;
 散布 sànbù ‹rumour›⑥ (come first in) 在…中居首位 zài… zhōng jū shǒuwèi ‹series, collection, festival›
▸ A begins the alphabet A是字母表中的第一个字母 B. intransitive verb ① (start doing sth, do first stage) 开始做 kāishǐ zuò 
▸ it's very complicated: I don't know where to begin 这事很复杂，我不知从何处下手 
▸ to begin by doing sth/with sth;
 先做某事/从某事物着手 
▸ she began as a sales assistant 她先是担任销售助理 ② (have first stage, start happening) «play, meeting, disease, problem, storm» 开始 kāishǐ 
▸ a name beginning with C 以C开头的名字 
▸ to begin as sth;
 起初是某事物 
▸ beginning from July 1st, … 从7月1日起，… 
▸ the pain began when I tried to move my leg 我那时腿一动就疼 ③ (have starting point) «country, road» 起始 qǐshǐ ;
 «river» 发源 fāyuán C. to begin with adverb phrase ① (at first) 起初 qǐchū ② (firstly) 首先 shǒuxiān ③ (originally) 本来 běnlái 
▸ was it like that to begin with? 它原本就是那样吗？ ④ (at all) 根本 gēnběn 
▸ I wish I'd never bought the house to begin with 真希望我压根就没有买那幢房子 PHRASAL VERBS begin at: transitive verb [begin at sth] «goods» 底价为 dǐjià wéi ;
 «prices» 从…起 cóng… qǐ begin on: transitive verb [begin on sth] 着手做 zhuóshǒu zuò 



behave | BrE bɪˈheɪv, AmE bəˈheɪv | A. intransitive verb ① (act in specified manner) 表现 biǎoxiàn 
▸ the supporters behaved well/badly 支持者们表现得很好/差 
▸ he behaved badly towards her 他对她不礼貌 
▸ what a way to behave! 这成什么样子！ 
▸ how does this metal behave under pressure? 这种金属在压力下有何反应？ ② (function) «device, machine» 运转 yùnzhuǎn B. to behave oneself reflexive verb 表现良好 biǎoxiàn liánghǎo 
▸ behave yourself! 放规矩点！ fàng guīju diǎn ！ 
▸ is the computer behaving itself? humorous 这台电脑现在行吗？ 



behold | BrE bɪˈhəʊld, AmE bəˈhoʊld | transitive verb past tense, past participle beheld (archaic or literary) 看见 kànjian 
▸ it was a wonder to behold 那真是个奇观 



believe | BrE bɪˈliːv, AmE bəˈliv | A. transitive verb ① (take as true) 相信 xiāngxìn 
▸ believe it or not 信不信由你 xìnbuxìn yóu nǐ 
▸ if he's to be believed 如果可以信任他的话 
▸ I can't believe it of him 我不相信他会做出那种事 
▸ to let sb believe or lead sb to believe that … 使某人相信… shǐ mǒu rén xiāngxìn… 
▸ believe you me 相信我吧 xiāngxìn wǒ ba 
▸ I'll believe you, thousands wouldn't informal 我可以相信你，但大家不会 
▸ I couldn't believe my eyes/ears 我简直不相信自己的眼睛/耳朵 ② (think) 认为 rènwéi 
▸ he is believed to be dead 据信他已经死了 
▸ has he arrived? — I believe so/not 他来了吗？──我想是的/还没有 
▸ to have reason (not) to believe that … 有理由（不）认为… 
▸ Dr Wang, I believe? 您是王博士, 对吧？ 
▸ I don't believe she intends to return to England 我认为她不打算回到英格兰 B. intransitive verb ① (take as true) 相信 xiāngxìn 
▸ to believe in sth;
 相信某事物的存在 
▸ seeing is believing 眼见为实 ② (have confidence) 相信 xiāngxìn 
▸ to believe in sth/doing sth;
 相信某事/做某事有用 
▸ to believe in sb/oneself;
 相信某人/自己 
▸ he believes in self-discipline 他信奉自律 ③ Religion 信教 xìnjiào 
▸ do you believe in God? 你信上帝吗？ 



belong | BrE bɪˈlɒŋ, AmE bəˈlɔŋ | intransitive verb ① 
▸ (be property of) to belong to sb/sth;
 属于某人/某物 shǔyú mǒu rén/mǒu wù 
▸ it belongs to me 那是我的 nà shì wǒ de 
▸ those bones belong to a prehistoric animal 那些骨头是一种史前动物留下的 
▸ the Athens Olympics belonged to Kelly Holmes 雅典奥运会上，凯莉霍姆斯独领风骚 ② 
▸ (be member of) to belong to sth;
 是某组织的成员 shì mǒu zǔzhī de chéngyuán 
▸ do you belong to a trade union? 你是工会会员吗？ 
▸ this cup belongs to the set 这个杯子是这套茶具里的 
▸ he belongs with us 他是我们中的一员 tā shì wǒmen zhōng de yī yuán ③ (have exact place) «object» 应被放置（在…处） yīng bèi fàngzhì(zài… chù) 
▸ put it back where it belongs 把它放回老地方 ④ (fit) 合得来 hédelái 
▸ we belong together 我们俩情投意合 
▸ a sense of belonging 归属感 



bend | BrE bɛnd, AmE bɛnd | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle bent ① (curve) 使弯曲 shǐ wānqū 
▸ to bend one's elbows/knees/back 屈肘/曲膝/弓背 
▸ she bent her head in shame 她羞愧地低下了头 
▸ to be bent out of shape 已弯曲变形 
▸ to bend one's elbow US figurative informal 喝酒 
▸ to bend sb's ear figurative 向某人唠叨诉说 
▸ to bend sb to one's will/wishes 强迫某人顺从自己的意愿/愿望 ② (direct) 使…朝向 shǐ… cháoxiàng ‹attention, gaze›
▸ she kept her eyes bent on her book 她目不转睛地盯着书看 
▸ to be bent on sth/doing sth;
 专心于某事/做某事 
▸ to bend one's steps in the direction of home literary 转身往家走 ③ (distort) 对…作变通 duì… zuò biàntōng ‹rules, the law›
▸ I never lend money, but I'll bend my principle this once 我从不借钱给别人，但这次破一回例 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle bent ① (form curve) 弯曲 wānqū ② (incline) «back» 弯下 wānxia ;
 «head» 低下 dīxia 
▸ to bend forward/backwards 前倾/后仰 
▸ to bend over one's books 埋头读书 ③ 
▸ (submit) to bend before or to sth;
 顺从 ‹will, wishes› 服从 fúcóng ‹authority›C. noun ① (in road, river) 弯道 wāndào 
▸ to take or turn a bend 转弯 
▸ a sharp/sudden bend 急弯 
▸ round or around the bend British figurative informal 发疯的 ② (angled part) 弯曲 wānqū 
▸ the bend of one's elbow/hips 胳膊肘/髋关节 D. the bends plural noun 减压病 jiǎnyābìng PHRASAL VERBS bend back A. transitive verb [bend sth back, bend back sth] ① (to original position) 把…扳回 bǎ… bānhuí 
▸ to bend sth back into shape 把某物扳回原来的形状 ② (away from natural position) 把…向后扳 bǎ… xiàng hòu bān 
▸ to bend one's fingers back 把手指向后扳 B. intransitive verb «path, person» 折回 zhéhuí 
▸ the road bends back on itself at several points 这条路七拐八拐的 bend down A. intransitive verb «person» 俯身 fǔshēn ;
 «branch» 弯曲 wānqū B. transitive verb [bend sth down, bend down sth] 使向下弯曲 shǐ xiàng xià wānqū bend over A. intransitive verb 俯身 fǔshēn 
▸ to bend over backwards literal 后仰 figurative 竭尽全力 jiéjìn quánlì B. transitive verb [bend sth over, bend over sth] 折弯 zhéwān 



bereave | BrE bɪˈriːv, AmE bəˈriv | transitive verb ① past tense, past participle bereaved (by death) 使…丧失 shǐ… sàngshī ‹family›
▸ to bereave sb of a loving father 使某人失去慈父 ② past tense, past participle bereft literary (deprive) 使失去 shǐ shīqù 
▸ to bereave sb of sth;
 «event, fate» 使某人失去某物 



beseech | BrE bɪˈsiːtʃ, AmE bəˈsitʃ | transitive verb past tense, past participle besought or beseeched literary 恳求 kěnqiú ‹permission, forgiveness›
▸ to beseech sb to do sth 哀求某人做某事 



bet | BrE bɛt, AmE bɛt | A. transitive verb present participle betting past tense, past participle bet ① (gamble) 赌 dǔ ‹money›;
 用…打赌 yòng… dǎdǔ ‹object›;
 (in casino) 用…下注 yòng… xiàzhù ‹cash, chips›② (be sure) 敢说 gǎn shuō 
▸ you can bet your life or your bottom dollar or your boots that … figurative informal 有绝对把握… 
▸ you can bet your life on it 绝对错不了 
▸ bet you can/can't! informal 你保证做得到/做不到！ B. intransitive verb present participle betting past tense, past participle bet ① (gamble) 赌博 dǔbó 
▸ to bet on horses;
 赌马 ② (be sure) 确信 quèxìn 
▸ you want to bet on it? 你敢肯定吗？ 
▸ don't bet on it! 我看不一定！ 
▸ it really hurt — I bet it did! 真的很痛──这我相信！ 
▸ you bet! informal 当然！ 
▸ I or I'll bet informal (in disbelief) 我才不信呢 (with sympathy) 我能理解 C. noun ① (gamble) 打赌 dǎdǔ 
▸ to win/lose a bet 赌赢/赌输 
▸ to have a bet on sth 对某事物打赌 ② (stake) 赌注 dǔzhù 
▸ ‘place your bets’ (in roulette) “请下注” 
▸ to place/lay a bet (on a horse/race) 押赌注(在一匹马/一场比赛上) ③ (alternative) 选择 xuǎnzé 
▸ your best bet 最好的办法 ④ (guess) 推测 tuīcè 
▸ it's a good/safe bet that … 很有可能… 



betray | BrE bɪˈtreɪ, AmE bəˈtreɪ | transitive verb ① (be disloyal to) 背叛 bèipàn ‹country, person, interests›
▸ to feel betrayed 感到被出卖了 ② (reveal treacherously) 泄露 xièlòu ‹secret›③ (reveal inadvertently) 暴露 bàolù ‹ignorance, intentions, feelings›④ (violate) 辜负 gūfù ‹trust›;
 违背 wéibèi ‹vow, principle›



bid1 | BrE bɪd, AmE bɪd | A. noun ① (at auction, for property or company) 出价 chūjià ;
 (for contract) 投标 tóubiāo 
▸ to make a bid (for sth) 出价竞买（某物） 
▸ to put in a bid 投标 tóubiāo ② (attempt) 争取 zhēngqǔ 
▸ a bid for power 夺权的企图 
▸ to make a bid for sth 企图得到某物 
▸ an Olympic bid 奥运会的申办 ③ (in card games) 叫牌 jiàopái 
▸ to make a bid 叫牌 jiàopái 
▸ ‘no bid’ “不叫牌” 
▸ is it my bid? 轮到我叫牌了吗？ B. transitive verb present participle bidding past tense, past participle bid ① Business, Finance 出价 chūjià ② (in card games) 叫 jiào 
▸ to bid four spades/six clubs 叫4黑桃/6梅花 C. intransitive verb present participle bidding past tense, past participle bid ① Business (make offer) «buyer» 出价竞买 chūjià jìngmǎi ;
 «contractor» 投标争取 tóubiāo zhēngqǔ 
▸ to bid against sb 与某人竞价 ② (in card games) 叫牌 jiàopái PHRASAL VERB bid up: transitive verb ① [bid sth up, bid up sth] (increase) 抬高 táigāo ‹price, rent›② [bid sb up, bid up sb] (force to pay more) 迫使对…出高价 pòshǐ duì… chū gāojià 



bid1 | BrE bɪd, AmE bɪd | A. noun ① (at auction, for property or company) 出价 chūjià ;
 (for contract) 投标 tóubiāo 
▸ to make a bid (for sth) 出价竞买（某物） 
▸ to put in a bid 投标 tóubiāo ② (attempt) 争取 zhēngqǔ 
▸ a bid for power 夺权的企图 
▸ to make a bid for sth 企图得到某物 
▸ an Olympic bid 奥运会的申办 ③ (in card games) 叫牌 jiàopái 
▸ to make a bid 叫牌 jiàopái 
▸ ‘no bid’ “不叫牌” 
▸ is it my bid? 轮到我叫牌了吗？ B. transitive verb present participle bidding past tense, past participle bid ① Business, Finance 出价 chūjià ② (in card games) 叫 jiào 
▸ to bid four spades/six clubs 叫4黑桃/6梅花 C. intransitive verb present participle bidding past tense, past participle bid ① Business (make offer) «buyer» 出价竞买 chūjià jìngmǎi ;
 «contractor» 投标争取 tóubiāo zhēngqǔ 
▸ to bid against sb 与某人竞价 ② (in card games) 叫牌 jiàopái PHRASAL VERB bid up: transitive verb ① [bid sth up, bid up sth] (increase) 抬高 táigāo ‹price, rent›② [bid sb up, bid up sb] (force to pay more) 迫使对…出高价 pòshǐ duì… chū gāojià 



bind | BrE bʌɪnd, AmE baɪnd | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle bound ① (tie up) 捆 kǔn ‹item, person›;
 束 shù ‹hair›;
 包扎 bāozā ‹wound›
▸ to bind sth into bundles 把某物扎成一捆一捆的 
▸ bound and gagged 被捆住手脚塞住嘴 ② (unite) 使结合 shǐ jiéhé 
▸ to bind together;
 使…关系密切 ‹people, nations›
▸ to bind sb to sb;
 «act, feeling» 使某人与某人结合在一起 ③ (hold) 束缚 shùfù 
▸ to bind sb to sth;
 «promise, law» 使…受某事物的约束 ‹person, group›
▸ to bind sb to secrecy;
 使某人保证不泄密 
▸ to bind oneself (to do sth);
 保证（做某事） ④ (hold together) «ice» 冻结 dòngjié ‹soil›;
 黏合 niánhé ‹ingredients›
▸ bind the mixture with an egg 加一个鸡蛋让混合料黏合在一起 ⑤ (in sewing) 给…镶边 gěi… xiāngbiān 
▸ the blanket is bound with satin 毛毯以缎子包边 ⑥ (enclosed in cover) 装订 zhuāngdìng ‹book›B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle bound ① (cohere) «soil» 冻结 dòngjié ;
 «ingredients» 黏合 niánhé ② 
▸ Chemistry to bind to sth;
 与某物化合 yǔ mǒu wù huàhé ③ (stick) 锁死 suǒsǐ 
▸ when the brakes are applied, the wheels bind 刹车时车轮会抱死 C. noun informal ① (bother) 麻烦事 máfanshì 
▸ to be a bind 是个麻烦 
▸ housework is a real bind 做家务真讨厌 ② (difficulty) 困境 kùnjìng 
▸ to be in a bind 陷入困境 PHRASAL VERBS bind over transitive verb [bind sb over, bind over sb] Law «judge» 令…具结保证 lìng… jùjié bǎozhèng 
▸ he was bound over to keep the peace 他被责令具保不再闹事 bind up: transitive verb ① [bind sth up, bind up sth] 把…扎起来 bǎ… zhā qilai 
▸ the nurse will bind up your wounds 护士会为你包扎伤口 ② 
▸ to be bound up in … figurative informal (involved with) 忙于… mángyú… 
▸ he's too bound up in his work to have time for his children 他工作太忙，没时间和孩子们在一起 
▸ to be bound up with … 与…紧密相连 yǔ… jǐnmì xiānglián 
▸ my life became closely bound up with hers 我的生活和她的密不可分 



比特 bǐtè 量 信息单元的计量单位，数字通信中每传送二进制中的一位数（1或0）的信息量叫做1比特。如通常传送一个汉字节需用二进制数码8位，即8比特。



bleed | BrE bliːd, AmE blid | A. past tense, past participle bled | bled | intransitive verb ① (lose blood) 流血 liúxuè 
▸ to bleed to death 失血而死 ② figurative (feel sympathy for another) 悲伤 bēishāng 
▸ my heart bleeds for the victims 我由衷地同情那些罹难者 
▸ you have to go to Italy? my heart bleeds for you! ironic 你一定要去意大利？你真可怜！ ③ (lose colour) 褪色 tuìshǎi ④ Printing 印成出血版 yìn chéng chūxiěbǎn B. past tense, past participle bled | bled | transitive verb ① Medicine (mainly History) 给…放血 gěi… fàngxiě ② figurative (drain money from) 榨取…的钱财 zhàqǔ… de qiáncái 
▸ to bleed sb white or dry 榨干某人的钱财 zhàgān mǒu rén de qiáncái ③ Technology (draw liquid from) 抽干…中的液体 chōugān… zhōng de yètǐ ;
 (draw air from) 抽干…中的气体 chōugān… zhōng de qìtǐ ④ Printing 把…印成出血版 bǎ… yìnchéng chūxiěbǎn C. noun Medicine 出血 chūxiě 



bless | BrE blɛs, AmE blɛs | A. transitive verb ① Religion 祈神保佑 qí shén bǎoyòu ‹person, marriage, building›;
 祈神赐予 qí shén cìyǔ ‹food, harvest›
▸ God bless America/the Queen 神佑美国/女王 
▸ God bless you 上帝保佑你 ② 
▸ informal (affectionately) bless her! 愿上帝保佑她！ yuàn Shàngdì bǎoyòu tā ！ 
▸ bless you! (after sneeze) 保重！ bǎozhòng ！ ③ 
▸ dated informal (in surprise) bless me!, bless my soul! 天啊！ tiān ɑ ！ ④ (favour) 赋予 fùyǔ 
▸ to be blessed with 拥有 ‹skill, beauty›
▸ we are truly blessed 我们真的很有福气 
▸ we were never blessed with children 我们从来就没有生儿育女的福分 ⑤ (be grateful to) 感激 gǎnjī 
▸ bless you for coming 谢谢你的光临 
▸ you paid the bill? bless you! 你付了账单？谢谢！ B. to bless oneself reflexive verb 在胸口画十字 zài xiōngkǒu huà shízì 



blossom | BrE ˈblɒs(ə)m, AmE ˈblɑsəm | A. noun ① uncountable (flowers) 全部花朵 quánbù huāduǒ 
▸ in full blossom 鲜花盛开 
▸ to come into blossom 开花 kāihuā 
▸ blossom time 花期 ② countable (flower) 花 huā B. intransitive verb ① (flower) 开花 kāihuā ② figurative 发展 fāzhǎn 
▸ she is blossoming into a lovely woman 她正长成一个楚楚动人的女子 



blow | BrE bləʊ, AmE bloʊ | A. intransitive verb past tense blew past participle blown ① (move with air current) «wind» 吹 chuī 
▸ to see which way the wind is blowing figurative 看清形势 ② (be moved by wind) «leaves, curtain» 被风吹动 bèi fēng chuīdòng ③ (expel air) 吹气 chuīqì 
▸ she blew on her hot coffee 她吹着热咖啡 ④ (sound) «foghorn, whistle» 吹响 chuīxiǎng ⑤ (pant) 喘气 chuǎnqì 
▸ to puff and blow 气喘吁吁 ⑥ Zoology «whale» 喷水 pēn shuǐ ⑦ Electricity (burn out) «fuse» 熔断 róngduàn ⑧ Motor Vehicles (burst) «tyre» 爆裂 bàoliè ⑨ US informal (leave quickly) 匆匆离开 cōngcōng líkāi → hot 1B. transitive verb past tense blew past participle blown ① (propel with air) «person, wind» 吹 chuī 
▸ to blow (sb) a kiss （向某人）送飞吻 
▸ to blow smoke rings 吐烟圈 
▸ to blow glass 吹玻璃 
▸ to be blown off course 被风吹得偏离航线 
▸ it's blowing a gale/hurricane 在刮大风/飓风 ② (clear) 擤 xǐng ‹nose›③ (cause to sound) 吹奏 chuīzòu ‹musical instrument›;
 吹 chuī ‹horn›④ (explode apart) «explosion, bomb» 炸飞 zhàfēi ;
 (explode open) 炸开 zhàkāi ‹safe›
▸ to be blown to pieces 被炸成碎片 
▸ to blow sb's mind figurative informal 使某人十分诧异 ⑤ Electricity (burn out) 熔断 róngduàn ‹fuse›
▸ to blow a fuse or a gasket or one's lid or one's top figurative informal 气炸了 ⑥ Motor Vehicles (burst) 使…爆裂 shǐ… bàoliè ‹tyre›⑦ informal (squander) 挥霍 huīhuò ‹money›⑧ informal (mess up) 把…搞砸 bǎ… gǎozá 
▸ to blow one's chances 错失机会 
▸ to blow one's lines 念错台词 ⑨ informal (reveal) 泄露 xièlòu 
▸ to blow sb's cover 暴露某人的身份 ⑩ past participle blowed 
▸ British dated informal (damn) blow it! [表示生气、吃惊或不在意] 该死！ gāisǐ ！ 
▸ well, blow me (down)! 哎呀，天哪！ āiyā ， tiān na ！ 
▸ let's take a taxi, and blow the expense 我们坐出租车吧，管它多少钱 C. noun ① countable (stroke) 重击 zhòngjī 
▸ to fell sb with a blow 一下子将某人打倒 
▸ he was killed by a blow to the head 他被击中脑部而死 
▸ to exchange blows 互殴 
▸ to come to blows (over sb/sth) （因某人/某事物而）动武 
▸ to strike a blow against/for sth figurative 反对/拥护 ‹freedom, justice›② countable figurative (shock) 打击 dǎjī 
▸ to deal sb/sth a blow, to deal a blow to sb/sth 给某人/某物以打击 ③ countable 
▸ (of nose) to give one's nose a blow 擤鼻子 xǐng bízi ④ countable Music 吹奏 chuīzòu ⑤ uncountable British slang (marijuana) 大麻 dàmá PHRASAL VERBS blow away A. intransitive verb «hat, tent» 被吹走 bèi chuīzǒu B. [blow sth away, blow away sth] transitive verb ① (with air current) 把…吹走 bǎ… chuīzǒu 
▸ to blow the dust away 吹去灰尘 ② (with explosives) «blast» 把…炸毁 bǎ… zhàhuǐ C. [blow sb away, blow away sb] transitive verb ① informal (kill with gun) 把…毙了 bǎ… bì le ② figurative informal (defeat easily) 轻松击败 qīngsōng jībài ③ figurative informal (impress) 使感动 shǐ gǎndòng blow down A. intransitive verb «tree» 被刮倒 bèi guādǎo B. transitive verb [blow sth down, blow down sth] «wind» 刮倒 guādǎo ‹tree›blow in A. intransitive verb ① (enter) «rain» 被吹进来 bèi chuī jinlai ② (from blast) «door, window» 被向内炸开 bèi xiàng nèi zhàkāi ③ informal (arrive) 突然到来 tūrán dàolái B. transitive verb [blow sth in, blow in sth] ① (cause to enter) «wind» 把…吹进来 bǎ… chuī jinlai ‹rain›② (by blast) «bomb» 向内炸开 xiàng nèi zhàkāi ‹door, window›blow off A. intransitive verb ① (be removed by the wind) «hat» 被吹走 bèi chuīzǒu ② (escape) «gas» 泄漏 xièlòu ③ British informal (break wind) 放屁 fàngpì B. [blow sth off, blow off sth] transitive verb ① (with air current) 把…吹掉 bǎ… chuīdiào ‹hat, dust›② (in explosion) «blast» 把…炸掉 bǎ… zhàdiào ‹limb›③ (with one's breath) 把…吹去 bǎ… chuīqù ‹ash, dust›④ US figurative informal (not attend) 缺席 quēxí 
▸ to blow off class 逃课 ⑤ US informal (ignore) 不理睬 bù lǐcǎi ‹offer›C. [blow sb off, blow off sb] transitive verb US informal ① (not meet) 放…鸽子 fàng… gēzi ‹person›② (end relationship with) 甩掉 shuǎidiào ‹person›blow out A. intransitive verb ① (be extinguished) «flame» 被吹灭 bèi chuīmiè ② (erupt) «oil well» 喷发 pēnfā ③ Motor Vehicles «tyre» 爆裂 bàoliè ④ (from blast) «door, window» 被向外炸开 bèi xiàng wài zhàkāi ⑤ US informal (be injured) «knee» 受重伤 shòu zhòngshāng B. transitive verb [blow sth out, blow out sth] ① (extinguish) 吹灭 chuīmiè ‹flame›② Motor Vehicles 使…爆裂 shǐ… bàoliè ‹tyre›③ (inflate) 鼓起 gǔqǐ ‹cheeks›④ (in explosion) «blast» 向外炸开 xiàng wài zhàkāi ‹door, window›⑤ US informal (injure) 使…受重伤 shǐ… shòu zhòngshāng ‹knee›⑥ 
▸ to blow itself out (lose force) «gale» 平息 píngxī blow over A. intransitive verb ① (lose force) «storm, dispute» 平息 píngxī ② (fall) «tree» 被吹倒 bèi chuīdǎo B. transitive verb [blow sth over, blow over sth] «wind» 吹倒 chuīdǎo ‹tree›blow up A. intransitive verb ① (explode) «bomb, building, vehicle» 爆炸 bàozhà 
▸ to blow up in sb's face figurative «plan, affair, issue» 砸锅 ② (gather force) 加剧 jiājù 
▸ a storm was blowing up 狂风大作 ③ (start) «trouble» 突然发生 tūrán fāshēng ;
 «affair» 突然曝光 tūrán bàoguāng ④ informal (lose temper) 大发雷霆 dà fā léitíng ⑤ (be inflated) 充气 chōngqì B. [blow sth up, blow up sth] transitive verb ① (cause to explode) 引爆 yǐnbào ‹bomb›;
 «bomb, person» 炸毁 zhàhuǐ ‹building, vehicle›② (inflate) 给…充气 gěi… chōngqì ‹balloon, tyre›③ Photography (enlarge) 放大 fàngdà ‹image, photograph›④ figurative (exaggerate) 夸大 kuādà ‹story›C. [blow sb up, blow up sb] transitive verb ① (with bomb) 炸死 zhàsǐ ② informal dated (reprimand) 训斥 xùnchì 



blur | BrE bləː, AmE blər | A. noun ① (indistinct shape, events) 模糊形状 móhu xíngzhuàng 
▸ the writing was just a blur to me 那笔迹我根本看不清楚 
▸ her memories are just a blur 她的记忆模糊不清 ② (smudge, mark) 污渍 wūzì B. transitive verb present participle blurring past tense, past participle blurred 使模糊不清 shǐ móhu bùqīng 
▸ to blur the distinction between X and Y 混淆X和Y之间的区别 C. intransitive verb present participle blurring past tense, past participle blurred «eyes, boundaries, memories, judgement» 变模糊 biàn móhu 



blush | BrE blʌʃ, AmE bləʃ | A. intransitive verb ① (redden) 脸红 liǎnhóng 
▸ to blush at the idea 因这种想法而脸红 ② (be ashamed) 羞愧 xiūkuì 
▸ to blush for sb 为某人感到羞愧 
▸ I blush to admit it 我不好意思承认这事 B. noun ① (flush) 脸红 liǎnhóng 
▸ without a blush 不知羞耻地 
▸ to spare sb's blushes 给某人留面子 
▸ to hide one's blushes 掩饰窘态 ② (rosy tint) 红色 hóngsè ;
 (rosy glow) 红光 hóngguāng 
▸ at the first blush of dawn 破晓的红霞 
▸ at first blush literary 据初步印象 



board | BrE bɔːd, AmE bɔrd | A. noun ① countable (plank) 木板 mùbǎn ② countable (for notices) 公告牌 gōnggàopái ③ countable Games 棋盘 qípán ④ uncountable (meals) 膳食 shànshí 
▸ room and board 食宿 
▸ full/half board 伙食全包/半包 ⑤ countable plus singular or plural verb (of organization) 委员会 wěiyuánhuì ;
 (of company) 董事会 dǒngshìhuì 
▸ to be on the board (of organization) 担任委员 (of company) 担任董事 dānrèn dǒngshì 
▸ the board of trustees 理事会 
▸ a board meeting 董事会会议 ⑥ uncountable 
▸ Nautical to go on board 上船 
▸ to be on board 在船上 
▸ to take sth on board;
 把…装上船 ‹cargo› 让…上船 ràng… shàng chuán ‹passengers› figurative (accept and understand) 接受 jiēshòu 
▸ to take on board new ideas 接纳新观点 B. boards plural noun 
▸ Theatre informal to tread or walk the boards 当演员 dāng yǎnyuán C. transitive verb ① (get on) 上 shàng ‹vehicle, ship, aircraft›② Nautical (to inspect, to plunder) «official, pirates» 强行登上 qiángxíng dēngshang ‹ship›③ (cover with boards) 用木板覆盖 yòng mùbǎn fùgài 
▸ to board over the floor 铺地板 
▸ to board up the windows 用木板封窗 ④ (accommodate) 收费为…提供食宿 shōufèi wèi… tígōng shísù ‹person›;
 饲养 sìyǎng ‹animal›D. intransitive verb ① (lodge and have meals) 得到食宿 dédào shísù 
▸ to board at sb's house 在某人家寄宿 ② (be ready for passengers to get on) «aircraft» 请乘客登机 qǐng chéngkè dēngjī 
▸ flight 723 is now boarding 723号航班现在开始登机 



boast | BrE bəʊst, AmE boʊst | A. intransitive verb 自夸 zìkuā 
▸ to boast of or about sth/doing sth;
 自吹某事物/做某事 
▸ nothing to boast about 没什么可夸耀的 B. transitive verb 自豪地拥有 zìháo de yōngyǒu 
▸ the town boasts a beautiful church 小镇上有一座漂亮的教堂 C. noun 夸耀 kuāyào 
▸ it is his boast that he is never late 他自吹说从不迟到 



boil1 | BrE bɔɪl, AmE bɔɪl | A. intransitive verb ① Cooking «liquid» 沸腾 fèiténg ;
 «pot» 开 kāi 
▸ to boil dry 烧干 ② figurative (be turbulent) «sea» 翻腾 fānteng ;
 (be angry) 发怒 fānù 
▸ she was boiling with rage 她气得火冒三丈 B. transitive verb ① (heat) 烧开 shāokāi ‹liquid›② Cooking (cook) 煮 zhǔ ③ (wash) 煮沸洗涤 zhǔfèi xǐdí ‹laundry›C. noun uncountable 
▸ (to be) on the boil British literal 沸腾 fèiténg figurative «project» （进行得）如火如荼 (jìnxíng de)rú huǒ rú tú 
▸ to go off the boil British literal 停止沸腾 «project» 进度放慢 jìndù fàngmàn «romance» 降温 jiàngwēn «person» 势头减弱 shìtóu jiǎnruò 
▸ to bring sth to the boil literal 将某物煮沸 figurative 使某事紧张进行 shǐ mǒu shì jǐnzhāng jìnxíng 
▸ to come to the boil literal 开始沸腾 
▸ the situation came to the boil 局势达到白热化 PHRASAL VERBS boil away intransitive verb ① (keep boiling) 持续沸腾 chíxù fèiténg ② (evaporate) (become less) 煮浓 zhǔnóng ;
 (disappear) 煮干 zhǔgān boil down A. intransitive verb ① Cooking (be reduced) 熬浓 áonóng ② 
▸ to boil down to sth figurative (be the essence of) 归结为某事物 guījié wéi mǒu shìwù B. transitive verb [boil sth down] ① Cooking 熬浓 áonóng ② figurative (make shorter) 压缩 yāsuō ‹report›
▸ to boil the speech down to ten minutes 将演讲压缩到10分钟 boil over intransitive verb ① literal (overflow) 溢出 yìchū ② figurative (erupt) «person, situation» 失控 shīkòng 
▸ to boil over into open conflict 失控而演变为公开冲突 boil up A. intransitive verb ① literal (come to the boil) «liquid» 沸腾 fèiténg ② figurative (surge up) 即将爆发 jíjiāng bàofā B. transitive verb [boil up sth, boil sth up] British 把…煮沸 bǎ… zhǔfèi 



bow1 | BrE bəʊ, AmE boʊ | A. noun ① Sport, History 弓 gōng 
▸ he drew his bow and shot the arrow 他拉弓射箭 
▸ to have many strings to one's bow British figurative 有多种应对方案 
▸ to have/add another string to one's bow British figurative 另有准备 ② Music 琴弓 qíngōng ③ (knot) 蝴蝶结 húdiéjié ;
 (decorative ribbon) 蝶形丝带 diéxíng sīdài B. transitive verb 用琴弓拉 yòng qíngōng lā ‹cello, passage, notes›



box1 | BrE bɒks, AmE bɑks | A. noun ① (large container) 箱 xiāng ;
 (small container) 盒 hé ;
 (small case, casket) 匣 xiá 
▸ a shoe/hat/jewellery box 鞋盒/帽盒/首饰盒 
▸ a box of matches/chocolates 一盒火柴/巧克力 
▸ they'll have to carry me out of here in a wooden box informal humorous (coffin) 他们得用棺材把我从这里抬出去 ② (square or rectangular area) 方框 fāngkuàng 
▸ put a tick in the box 在方框内打钩 
▸ the box (penalty box) 罚球区 (batting area in baseball) 击球区 ③ British Motor Vehicles (at junction) 交叉路口黄格区 jiāochā lùkǒu huánggéqū ④ Theatre 包厢 bāoxiāng 
▸ the royal box 王室包厢 ⑤ (stall for horse) 分隔厩 fēngéjiù ⑥ 
▸ British informal (television) the box 电视机 diànshìjī ⑦ Journalism [报社内所设的] 应征来函信箱 yìngzhēng láihán xìnxiāng B. transitive verb ① (pack) 把…装箱 bǎ… zhuāngxiāng ‹gift›② 
▸ Nautical to box the compass 依次说出罗盘方位 yīcì shuōchū luópán fāngwèi PHRASAL VERBS box in transitive verb [box sb/sth in, box in sb/sth] ① (enclose) 把…包起来 bǎ… bāo qilai ‹basin, bath›
▸ boxed in by tall buildings 被高楼包围的 ② (restrict movement of) 封堵 fēngdǔ ‹runner, racehorse, car›
▸ I was boxed in between two big lorries and couldn't overtake 我被两辆大卡车夹在中间，超不了车 box up transitive verb [box sth up, box up sth] ① (pack) 把…装箱 bǎ… zhuāngxiāng ‹goods, belongings›② (confine) 禁闭 jìnbì 
▸ she felt very boxed up in the apartment 她觉得困在公寓里十分憋闷 



bray | BrE breɪ, AmE breɪ | A. intransitive verb ① «donkey» 嘶叫 sījiào ② derogatory (speak) 刺耳地大声说 cì'ěr de dàshēng shuō ;
 (laugh) 刺耳地大笑 cì'ěr de dàxiào B. noun ① (of donkey) 驴叫声 lǘ jiàoshēng ② derogatory (of person) 刺耳的声音 cì'ěr de shēngyīn 



break | BrE breɪk, AmE breɪk | A. transitive verb past tense broke past participle broken ① (separate into pieces) 打破 dǎpò ‹window, table›;
 弄断 nòngduàn ‹stick, chain›
▸ to break sth open, to break open sth;
 把某物砸开 
▸ to break sth in half or two 把某物一分为二 
▸ she broke the chocolate into eight pieces 她把巧克力掰成了八块 
▸ he broke the brick with a hammer 他用锤子敲碎了砖 
▸ the bird breaks the shell with its beak 鸟用喙啄破了贝壳 
▸ to break an egg/a nut/the ice 打蛋/砸开坚果/破冰 ② Anatomy 折断 zhéduàn ‹bone, arm, wing›
▸ to break one's neck 折断脖子 ③ (split open) 划破 huápò ‹skin›
▸ the dog bit me, but it didn't break the skin 狗咬了我，但没咬破皮 
▸ to break surface «submarine, diver» 浮出水面 ④ (split apart) 拆开 chāikāi ‹set, seal›;
 拆分 chāifēn ‹line, text›⑤ (make inoperative) 弄坏 nònghuài ‹radio, watch, torch, camera, etc.›⑥ (contravene) 违反 wéifǎn ‹law, promise›;
 破坏 pòhuài ‹embargo, strike›
▸ to break every rule in the book 违反书中的所有规定 
▸ the president broke his word 总裁食言了 
▸ to break an appointment 爽约 ⑦ (exceed, surpass) 冲破 chōngpò ‹sound barrier, class barrier›
▸ to break the record/speed limit 打破纪录/超速 ⑧ (interrupt visually) «object» 破坏…的连续性 pòhuài… de liánxùxìng ‹line›
▸ a group of hills broke the horizon in the distance 远处的群山矗立在地平线上 ⑨ (end) 打破 dǎpò ‹spell, monotony›;
 打乱 dǎluàn ‹sequence›;
 打断 dǎduàn ‹train of thought, concentration, continuity›;
 中断 zhōngduàn ‹link, contact›
▸ to break one's silence 打破缄默 ⑩ (mainly British) (make pause in) 在…中稍停 zài… zhōng shāo tíng 
▸ to break one's journey 在旅途中停留 ⑪ Electricity 切断 qiēduàn ‹current, circuit, contact›⑫ (lessen impact of) 减缓…的势头 jiǎnhuǎn… de shìtóu 
▸ the hedge helps to break the wind 树篱可挡风 
▸ a small tree broke her fall 她摔落时被一棵小树挡了一下 ⑬ (ruin financially) 使…破产 shǐ… pòchǎn ‹person, organization›⑭ (crush, overcome power of) 使…垮掉 shǐ… kuǎdiào ‹person, health›;
 瓦解 wǎjiě ‹organization, resistance›
▸ to break sb's/sth's hold over sb/sth;
 打破某人/某事物对某人/某事物的控制 
▸ to break sb's spirit/resolve 瓦解某人的精神/决心 
▸ the death of his wife broke him completely 妻子的去世使他悲痛欲绝 ⑮ (resolve successfully) 冲破 chōngpò ‹siege, blockade, deadlock›;
 镇压 zhènyā ‹rebellion›;
 中止 zhōngzhǐ ‹strike›⑯ (in tennis) 接…得分 jiē… défēn ‹service›;
 接…的发球得分 jiē… de fāqiú défēn ‹opponent›⑰ (give up) 戒除 jièchú ‹habit›
▸ to break sb/oneself of a habit;
 使某人改掉/改掉习惯 ⑱ (announce) 透露 tòulù 
▸ to break the news to sb 向某人透露消息 
▸ to break it to sb gently 婉转地告知某人此事 ⑲ (decipher) 破译 pòyì ‹code, cipher›⑳ 
▸ (leave) to break camp 拔营 báyíng 
▸ to break jail 越狱 yuèyù ㉑ (change for coins) 兑开 duìkāi ‹bill, note›B. intransitive verb past tense broke past participle broken ① (separate into pieces) «table, ice, box» 破裂 pòliè ;
 (shatter) «window, egg» 破碎 pòsuì ;
 (snap) «pencil, bone, neck, wing» 折断 zhéduàn ;
 (be pulled apart) «shoelace, rope, wool» 拉断 lāduàn 
▸ to break in half or two 断成两半 ② (cease to be operational) «radio, watch, torch» 损坏 sǔnhuài ③ (disperse) «clouds» 消散 xiāosàn ④ (stop for a rest) 休息 xiūxi 
▸ let's break for ten minutes 我们休息10分钟吧 
▸ to break for tea/coffee 休息用茶/咖啡 ⑤ Sport «boxers, wrestlers» 分开 fēnkāi ⑥ (change) «weather» 突变 tūbiàn 
▸ the heatwave has broken at last 热浪终于过去了 ⑦ (begin) «dawn» 开始 kāishǐ 
▸ we'll leave as soon as day breaks 天一亮我们就动身 ⑧ (begin violently) 爆发 bàofā 
▸ the storm broke as they were halfway home 他们回家走到半路时风雨大作 ⑨ (dissolve) «waves, sea» 迸溅 bèngjiàn 
▸ to break against/on/over sth;
 拍打在某物上溅开 ⑩ (become known) «news, scandal, story» 突然传开 tūrán chuánkāi 
▸ breaking news 突发新闻 ⑪ (get away) «person, animal» 挣脱 zhèngtuō ;
 «boat» 脱缆 tuōlǎn 
▸ to break from sth;
 挣脱某事物 ⑫ Medicine (in pregnancy) «waters» 破 pò ⑬ (weaken) «health» 垮掉 kuǎdiào ;
 «spirit, resistance» 瓦解 wǎjiě ;
 «strength» 削弱 xuēruò 
▸ to break under sth;
 在…之下垮掉 ‹questioning, torture, strain›
▸ we'll keep going until we break 我们要走到筋疲力尽为止 ⑭ (falter) «voice» 变调 biàndiào ;
 (in adolescence) «boy's voice» 变粗 biàncū 
▸ to break with sth;
 因…而语不成声 ‹emotion, grief, anger›⑮ Sport (in billiards, pool, snooker) «player» 开球 kāiqiú C. noun ① (fracture) (instance) 折断 zhéduàn ;
 (point) 破裂处 pòlièchù 
▸ a break in an arm/a leg 手臂/腿骨折 ② (crack, split) 裂缝 lièfèng ;
 (gap, space) 空隙 kòngxì 
▸ a break in sth;
 某物上的缝隙 ③ (interruption of sequence or process) 中断 zhōngduàn 
▸ a break in sth;
 某过程的间断 
▸ a break in a child's education 孩子教育的中断 
▸ without a break 不停地 ④ (pause) (in TV, radio programme) 间隙 jiànxì ;
 (in game, match, performance) 休息 xiūxi 
▸ a break for advertisements or commercials 插播广告的间歇 
▸ to take a break 休息一下 [插播广告时的用语] ⑤ (rest) 休息 xiūxi 
▸ a break from sth;
 停下某事休息 
▸ to have or take a break (from sth/doing sth) （停下某事/做某事）休息一下 
▸ to give sb a break (from sth/doing sth) 让某人（停下某事/做某事）去休息 
▸ give me a break! informal (stop annoying me) 别烦我了！ (stop lying) 别瞎扯了！ 
▸ morning/afternoon break British School 上午/下午课间休息 ⑥ Linguistics (in word) 移行处 yíhángchù ;
 (in line) 停顿 tíngdùn ;
 (in sentence) 省略号 shěnglüèhào ;
 (in paragraph) 断纸 duànzhǐ [指段落之间的空白处] ⑦ Electricity, Physics (interruption) (in transmission) 断开 duànkāi ;
 (in electrical circuit) 断路 duànlù ⑧ (holiday) 短假 duǎnjià 
▸ a break from sth;
 离开某处的休假 
▸ a weekend break in Amsterdam 在阿姆斯特丹的周末度假 ⑨ (decisive change) 决裂 juéliè 
▸ a break with sb/sth;
 与某人/某事物的决裂 
▸ a break in sth;
 在某方面的决裂 
▸ to make a or the break with … (from family) 与…断绝关系 yǔ… duànjué guānxì (from job) 坚决放弃… ⑩ Meteorology 突变 tūbiàn 
▸ a break in the weather 天气的突变 ⑪ (change of tone) 音调突变 yīndiào tūbiàn 
▸ a break in sb's voice 某人声音的突变 ⑫ informal (escape bid) 逃跑 táopǎo 
▸ a prison break 越狱 yuèyù 
▸ to make a break for sth/it 向某处逃去/逃跑 ⑬ informal (opportunity) 机会 jīhuì 
▸ to give sb a break (help in career) 给某人一次机会 (make allowances) 谅解某人 
▸ to give sb an even break 给某人以平等的机会 ⑭ (in tennis) 接发球得分 jiēfāqiú défēn 
▸ service break, break of serve 破发球 ⑮ (in billiards, pool, snooker) (series of shots) 接连击中 jiēlián jīzhòng ;
 (first shot) 开球 kāiqiú 
▸ to make a 50 point break 连得50分 ⑯ (in jazz or popular music) 华彩段 huácǎiduàn PHRASAL VERBS break away A. intransitive verb ① (become detached, move away) 脱离 tuōlí 
▸ to break away from sb/sth;
 脱离某人/某事物 
▸ the young elephant broke away from the herd 小象离群了 ② (escape) «person, animal, boat, kite» 挣脱 zhèngtuō 
▸ to break away from sb/sth;
 摆脱某人/某事物逃走 ③ Sport «runner, cyclist» 领先 lǐngxiān 
▸ to break away from sb/sth;
 甩开某人/某群 B. transitive verb [break sth away, break away sth] 使脱离 shǐ tuōlí 
▸ to break the shell away from the egg 剥去蛋壳 
▸ part of the cliff had been broken away 悬崖的一部分已经崩落 break down A. intransitive verb ① (stop functioning) «machine, system» 发生故障 fāshēng gùzhàng ② (fail) «negotiations» 失败 shībài ;
 «relations» 破裂 pòliè ;
 «discipline, agreement» 失效 shīxiào ;
 «moral values, system, coalition» 崩溃 bēngkuì ③ (collapse mentally or physically) «person, health» 垮掉 kuǎdiào 
▸ to break down under interrogation/torture;
 经不起质问/折磨而垮掉 ④ (weep) «person» 失声痛哭 shīshēng tòngkū ⑤ (be classified) «results, data» 分类 fēnlèi ⑥ Chemistry, Biology «compound, substance, food» 分解 fēnjiě 
▸ to break down into sth;
 分解成某物 B. transitive verb [break down sth, break sth down] ① (knock down) 撞倒 zhuàngdǎo ‹door, barrier›② (overcome) 克服 kèfú ‹shyness, obstacle, attitude›;
 瓦解 wǎjiě ‹resistance, opposition›③ Chemistry, Biology (cause to separate into parts) 分解 fēnjiě ‹compound, substance, food›
▸ to break sth down into sth;
 把某物分解成某物 break in A. intransitive verb ① (enter forcibly) «thief, fire brigade» 破门而入 pòmén ér rù ② (interrupt) «noise, action» 打断 dǎduàn 
▸ to break in on sb/sth;
 打断某人/某事 
▸ don't keep breaking in! 不要总插嘴！ B. [break sth in, break in sth] transitive verb ① (knock in) 砸破…进入 zápò… jìnrù ‹box›
▸ the police broke the door in 警察破门而入 ② (wear, use) 把…穿得合脚 bǎ… chuān de héjiǎo ‹shoes›;
 使…合用 shǐ… héyòng ‹false teeth, tennis racket›③ Riding 驯 xùn ‹horse›C. [break sb in, break in sb] transitive verb 训练 xùnliàn ‹recruit, novice›
▸ to break sb in gently informal humorous 逐渐驯化某人 break into transitive verb [break into sth] ① (enter by force) 闯入 chuǎngrù ‹house, bank›
▸ firefighters broke into the burning building 消防员冲进燃烧的大楼 ② (open by force) 砸开 zákāi ‹safe, money box, car›③ (start to use) 开启 kāiqǐ ‹new box, new bottle›;
 (resort to using) 动用 dòngyòng ‹emergency supplies, savings›④ (pay with) 兑开 duìkāi ‹note›⑤ (encroach on) 占用 zhànyòng ‹leisure time›
▸ he doesn't want to break into his evening 他不想占用晚上的时间 ⑥ (begin to do) 突然发出 tūrán fāchū ‹laughter, cheers›;
 (change pace to) 突然加速 tūrán jiāsù ‹run, trot›
▸ she broke into song 她突然唱起歌来 
▸ the horse broke into a gallop 那匹马突然飞奔起来 ⑦ (make headway in) 打入 dǎrù ‹market, show business›break off A. intransitive verb ① (snap off) «tip, twig» 折断 zhéduàn ② (stop doing sth) 突然停止 tūrán tíngzhǐ 
▸ to break off from sth/doing sth;
 停止某事/做某事 
▸ he broke off as his wife came into the room (stopped speaking) 妻子一进屋他便不讲话了 B. [break off sth] transitive verb (be snapped off) «end, handle, mast, twig» 从…处折断 cóng… chù zhéduàn C. [break sth off, break off sth] transitive verb ① (snap off) 折断 zhéduàn ‹handle, twig, mast, part›
▸ to break sth off sth;
 把某物从某处折断 
▸ he broke off a piece of chocolate and gave it to me 他掰下一块巧克力给了我 
▸ break a bit off the end 从末端折下一点 ② (stop, terminate) 中断 zhōngduàn ‹activity, meeting›;
 终止 zhōngzhǐ ‹negotiations›;
 断绝 duànjué ‹connection, relations›
▸ to break off doing sth;
 暂停做某事 
▸ to break off sth with sb;
 与某人断绝某种关系 
▸ they've broken off their engagement 他们取消了婚约 break out A. intransitive verb ① (start) «war, argument, plague» 爆发 bàofā 
▸ fire broke out on the third floor 大火是从三楼烧起来的 ② (appear) «spots, pimples» 突然冒出 tūrán màochū 
▸ to break out over/on sth;
 突然布满某处 
▸ sweat broke out all over his body 他突然冒出一身汗 ③ (escape) 逃脱 táotuō 
▸ to break out of sth;
 逃出 ‹cage, trap› 摆脱 bǎituō ‹routine, rut, depression›
▸ to break out of prison 越狱 yuèyù B. transitive verb [break sth out, break out sth] 打开…使用 dǎkāi… shǐyòng 
▸ shall we break out the champagne? 我们开了这瓶香槟酒吧？ break out in: transitive verb [break out in sth] 布满 bùmǎn ‹spots, pimples›
▸ I broke out in a cold sweat 我冒出一身冷汗 break through A. intransitive verb ① (force way through) «person, animal, vehicle» 冲过 chōngguo 
▸ the army broke through 部队突围了 ② (succeed) 取得突破 qǔdé tūpò 
▸ to break through in the fight against cancer 在抗癌方面取得突破 ③ (appear) «moon, sun» 露出 lùchū B. transitive verb [break through sth] ① (force way through) 冲破 chōngpò ‹door, obstacle›;
 穿透 chuāntòu ‹floor, ground›;
 突破 tūpò ‹defence›
▸ the deer broke through the undergrowth 那只鹿穿过了矮树丛 ② (overcome) 克服 kèfú 
▸ to break through sb's reserve 消除某人的矜持 ③ (emerge from) «sun, moon» 从…后露出 cóng… hòu lùchū ‹clouds, fog›break up A. [break sth up, break up sth] transitive verb ① (reduce to pieces) 把…弄碎 bǎ… nòngsuì ‹ice, table, chocolate›;
 拆散 chāisàn ‹machine, jigsaw puzzle›
▸ frost had broken up the surface of the road 严寒把路面冻裂了 
▸ to break sth up into sth;
 把某物拆分成某物 ② (divide) 分 fēn ‹estate, job, paragraph›
▸ to break up sth into sth;
 把某物分成某物 
▸ the academic year is broken up into three terms 一学年分为三个学期 ③ (make more interesting) 使…更有趣 shǐ… gèng yǒuqù ‹evening, journey, routine›
▸ to break up sth with sth;
 用某事物调剂某事物 
▸ making food helps to break up the day 做饭可以使日子不至于太单调 ④ (disperse) 解散 jiěsàn ‹party, meeting›;
 驱散 qūsàn ‹protest, crowd›;
 制止 zhìzhǐ ‹fight›
▸ the troops used tear gas to break up the riot 军队使用催泪弹驱散了骚乱的人群 
▸ break it up! (stop fighting) 别打了！ (disperse) 散开！ humorous (stop kissing) 别亲了！ bié qīn le ！ ⑤ (end) 使…解体 shǐ… jiětǐ ‹empire, coalition›;
 使…破裂 shǐ… pòliè ‹marriage, relationship›;
 拆散 chāisàn ‹family›
▸ to break up a successful team 解散一支成功的球队 
▸ this diplomatic incident broke up the alliance between the two countries 这一外交事件导致了两国联盟的解体 B. [break sb up.] transitive verb (mainly US) informal (cause to laugh) 使大笑 shǐ dàxiào C. intransitive verb ① (be reduced to pieces) «ice, rock, cake» 破碎 pòsuì ;
 «clouds» 散开 sànkāi 
▸ to break up into sth;
 碎裂成某物 
▸ the ship broke up on the rocks 船触礁解体了 ② (be divided) «empire, party» 分裂 fēnliè 
▸ to break up into sth;
 分裂成某物 ③ (disperse) «meeting, demonstration, people» 解散 jiěsàn ④ British School «school, students» 期末放假 qīmò fàngjià ⑤ (come to an end) «coalition» 解体 jiětǐ ;
 «marriage, relationship» 破裂 pòliè ⑥ (end relationship) «couple» 分手 fēnshǒu 
▸ to break up with sb;
 与某人分手 
▸ the band broke up in 2002 该乐队于2002年解散 ⑦ Radio, Telecommunications 被干扰 bèi gānrǎo 
▸ I can't hear you;
 you're breaking up 我听不到你说话；你的信号被干扰了 ⑧ (mainly US) informal (laugh) 大笑 dàxiào break with: transitive verb ① [break with sb/sth] (end relationship with) 与…断绝关系 yǔ… duànjué guānxì ‹friend, family, church›② [break with sth] (no longer follow) 摒弃 bìngqì ‹tradition, old habits›
▸ to break with the past 彻底告别过去 



breathe | BrE briːð, AmE brið | A. intransitive verb ① (respire) 呼吸 hūxī 
▸ to breathe hard/heavily 喘粗气 
▸ the singer marks on the score where she is going to breathe 歌手把要换气的地方标在乐谱上 
▸ he's still breathing 他还活着 
▸ now we can breathe (easily or freely) again! figurative 现在我们又可以松一口气了！ ② (exhale) 呼气 hūqì 
▸ to breathe on/into sth;
 对某物呼气 
▸ to breathe down sb's neck informal (follow closely) 紧紧跟在某人后面 (watch closely) 密切监视某人 ③ (expose to the air) «wine» 通气透香 tōngqì tòu xiāng B. transitive verb ① (inhale) 吸入 xīrù ‹air, dust›
▸ to breathe one's last (breath) literary 辞世 ② (exhale) 呼出 hūchū ‹air›;
 喷出 pēnchū ‹fire›
▸ to breathe sth into sth;
 把某物吹入某物 
▸ to breathe air into a balloon 吹气球 
▸ to breathe smoke in sb's face 把烟喷到某人脸上 
▸ to breathe fire 大怒 ③ (say quietly) 低声说 dīshēng shuō 
▸ to breathe sth to sb;
 轻轻地对某人说某事 
▸ don't breathe a word of this to anybody 不要对任何人透露这件事 
▸ to breathe loving words in sb's ear 在某人耳边说情话 ④ (exude) 流露 liúlù ‹optimism, defiance›
▸ the team was breathing confidence 球队信心十足 ⑤ figurative (inspire with) 激发 jīfā 
▸ to breathe sth into sb/sth;
 使某人/某事物产生 ‹confidence, motivation›
▸ to breathe hope into sb 激起某人的希望 
▸ to breathe new or fresh life into sb/sth 赋予某人/某事物新的活力 ⑥ figurative (be enthusiastic about) 专注于 zhuānzhù yú 
▸ he lives and breathes football 他狂迷足球 PHRASAL VERBS breathe in A. intransitive verb 吸气 xīqì B. transitive verb [breathe in sth, breathe sth in] 吸入 xīrù ‹air, dust›breathe out A. intransitive verb 呼气 hūqì B. transitive verb [breathe sth out, breathe out sth] 呼出 hūchū ‹air›



breed | BrE briːd, AmE brid | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle bred ① Farming 培育 péiyù ;
 Zoology 饲养 sìyǎng ② figurative (engender) 孕育 yùnyù 
▸ lack of information breeds false rumours 信息的缺乏会滋生谣言 
▸ success breeds complacency 成功导致自满 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle bred 繁殖 fánzhí C. noun ① Farming, Zoology 品种 pǐnzhǒng ② (type) 类型 lèixíng 
▸ a new breed of politician(s)/computer 新一代政治家/新型计算机 



bring | BrE brɪŋ, AmE brɪŋ | past tense, past participle brought transitive verb ① (carry, convey, arrive with) 带来 dàilái 
▸ to bring sth/sb to a place;
 把某物/某人带到某处 
▸ to bring sth/sb into a room;
 把某物/某人带入房间 
▸ to bring sth/sb with one;
 携带某物/带着某人 
▸ to bring sb sth, to bring sth for sb;
 为某人带来某物 
▸ to bring sb home (transport home) 送某人回家 (to meet family) 带某人见家人 
▸ to bring sb to …;
 带某人去… ‹wedding, party, office›② (move, cause to go) «appeal, call» 使移动 shǐ yídòng 
▸ to bring sb/sth to a place;
 把某人/某物引到某处 
▸ the judge brought his hammer down on the table 法官用木槌敲桌子 
▸ I brought him to the ground 我把他打翻在地 
▸ what brings you here? 什么风把你吹来了？ 
▸ his cries for help brought the police to his hiding place 他求救的喊声把警察引到了他的藏身处 ③ (be conduit for) 输送 shūsòng ‹water, oil, electricity›④ (be route for) «road» 引导 yǐndǎo ‹person, vehicle›
▸ this track should bring us to the edge of the forest 沿这条小路可以走到森林的边缘 ⑤ (receive) «television, station, program» 播送 bōsòng ‹programme, event, news›;
 «magazine, newspaper» 刊载 kānzǎi ‹news, feature›
▸ television pictures brought to you from the other side of the world 从世界的另一边传送过来的电视画面 
▸ the concert will be brought to us live from Sydney 音乐会将从悉尼向我们现场直播 ⑥ (cause to move on to) 使想到 shǐ xiǎngdào 
▸ to bring sb to …;
 使某人想到 ‹subject›⑦ (be a time of, the cause of) 带来 dàilái ‹weather, fortune, income, happiness›;
 招致 zhāozhì ‹destruction, shame›
▸ wait and see what tomorrow brings 等着看明天会发生什么事情吧 
▸ to bring sth to or on sb/sth;
 给某人/某事物带来某事物 
▸ he has brought disgrace on his family 他使家庭蒙羞 
▸ to bring sb happiness;
 给某人带来幸福 
▸ to bring sth on or upon oneself;
 给自己招来某事 
▸ clouds do not always bring rain 有云未必会有雨 
▸ her performance brought praise from the critics 她的表演受到了评论家的好评 ⑧ (make available) 提供 tígōng 
▸ to bring experience/knowledge to sth;
 把经验/知识应用于… 
▸ to bring one's talent(s) to sth 把聪明才智应用于某方面 
▸ the new manager brings ten years' experience to the job 新经理到任时已有10年的工作经验 ⑨ (cause to be in particular state) 使处于某状态 shǐ chǔyú mǒu zhuàngtài 
▸ to bring sb/sth under control 控制住某人/某事物 
▸ to bring sb into contact with sb/sth 使某人接触某人/某事 
▸ she brought the car to a halt 她把车停了下来 
▸ to bring the kettle to the boil 把壶烧开 
▸ his plans for the company brought him into conflict with the other directors 他对公司的规划使他与其他董事产生了冲突 ⑩ (elicit) 使…显现 shǐ… xiǎnxiàn ‹smile, frown›
▸ to bring a blush to sb's cheeks 令某人脸红 
▸ to bring a tear to sb's eye 使某人流泪 ⑪ (cause to amount to) 使达到 shǐ dádào 
▸ to bring sth to sth;
 使某事达到某程度 
▸ that brings the total to £120 这使总数达到120英镑 ⑫ (force) 促使 cùshǐ 
▸ to bring sb/oneself to do sth;
 促使某人/自己做某事 
▸ she couldn't bring herself to tell him the bad news 她不忍心告诉他这个坏消息 ⑬ Law (initiate) 提起 tíqǐ ‹action›;
 Administration, Law (present for judgement, decision) 把…提交裁决 bǎ… tíjiāo cáijué 
▸ to bring sth against sb;
 对某人提起… ‹charge, accusation›
▸ to bring sb/sth before a judge/committee;
 把某人/某事交由法官/委员会裁决 
▸ to bring sb/sth before the court 将某人/某事提交法庭裁决 
▸ to bring a bill before parliament 把议案提交议会表决 PHRASAL VERBS bring about: transitive verb ① [bring about sth, bring sth about] (cause) 导致 dǎozhì ‹war, death, event, situation›
▸ the mediators managed to bring about a settlement 那些调停人促成了和解 ② [bring sb/sth about] Nautical 使…掉头 shǐ… diàotóu ‹boat›
▸ the helmsman brought us about 舵手把我们的船头掉转过来 bring along: transitive verb [bring along sth/sb, bring sth/sb along] 带来 dàilái 
▸ to bring sth/sb along with one;
 带来某物/某人 bring around transitive verb US = bring roundbring back A. [bring sth back, bring back sth] transitive verb ① (return) 把…带回来 bǎ… dài huílai ‹pen, memory, person›
▸ to bring sth back from sth;
 从某处带回某物 
▸ to bring sth/sb back with one;
 带回某物/某人 
▸ the path brought us back to where we had started from 我们顺着这条路回到了出发地 
▸ the boat brought them safely back to shore 船把他们安全送回岸上 
▸ she brought back a rather unfavourable impression of the city 她回来时对这座城市印象很差 
▸ he forgot to bring back the book he had borrowed 他忘了归还借的书 ② (restore) 恢复 huīfù ‹discipline, health, democracy›
▸ a walk in the country will bring the colour back to your cheeks 到乡间走一走会使你的面色恢复红润 
▸ we must try to bring her temperature back to normal 我们必须设法让她的体温恢复正常 ③ (revive memory of) «smell, event» 使人想起 shǐ rén xiǎngqǐ ‹experience, day›
▸ to bring back memories (of sth) 令人回忆（起某事物） B. [bring sb back, bring back sb] transitive verb (resurrect) 使…起死回生 shǐ… qǐ sǐ huí shēng ‹person›;
 (save life of) 使…苏醒 shǐ… sūxǐng ‹person›
▸ to bring sb back to consciousness/life 使某人恢复知觉/复活 bring down A. [bring sb/sth down, bring down sb/sth] transitive verb ① (carry from higher place) 把…拿下来 bǎ… ná xialai 
▸ to bring sth down with one;
 随身把某物拿下来 suíshēn bǎ mǒu wù ná xialai 
▸ to bring sb down sth, to bring sth down for sb;
 为某人把某物拿下来 wèi mǒu rén bǎ mǒu wù ná xialai 
▸ will you bring me down a drink?;
 给我拿杯饮料下来好吗？ ② (cause to crash) 击落 jīluò ‹aircraft, pilot›
▸ he was brought down over France 他在法国上空被击落了 ③ (cause to land) 使…着陆 shǐ… zhuólù ‹aircraft›
▸ the pilot brought us down safely 飞行员让我们安全着陆 ④ (shoot) 打落 dǎluò ‹bird›;
 撂倒 liàodǎo ‹animal, person›⑤ (cause to fall) 使…跌倒 shǐ… diēdǎo ‹person›;
 使…坍塌 shǐ… tāntā ‹building›⑥ (overthrow) 推翻 tuīfān ‹leadership, leader›
▸ the scandal brought the government down 这起丑闻使政府倒了台 B. [bring sth down, bring down sth] transitive verb ① (move downwards) 用…抽 yòng… chōu ‹whip›
▸ he brought the cane down on the child's hand 他用笞杖打孩子的手 ② (reduce) 降低 jiàngdī ‹price, unemployment, temperature›
▸ a cold compress will bring down the swelling 冷敷可以消肿 ③ (literary or humorous) (provoke) 招致 zhāozhì ‹anger›
▸ to bring down sth on sb;
 使某事降临到某人的头上 
▸ you don't want to bring down his wrath 你可别惹他发火 ④ Mathematics 把…移入下栏 bǎ… yírù xiàlán ‹number, digit›C. [bring sb down] transitive verb informal (depress) 使消沉 shǐ xiāochén bring forth transitive verb [bring forth sth, bring sth forth] ① formal (provoke) 招致 zhāozhì ‹reaction, complaint›② archaic (produce) 生产 shēngchǎn ‹crops›;
 结 jié ‹fruit›③ archaic (give birth to) 生 shēng ‹child›bring forward A. [bring sth forward, bring forward sth] transitive verb ① (make sooner) 把…提前 bǎ… tíqián ‹meeting, wedding›② (propose) 提出 tíchū ‹suggestion, question›
▸ I intend to bring this matter forward at the next meeting 我打算在下次会议上提出这件事情来讨论 ③ (move forwards) 往前移动 wǎng qián yídòng ‹chair›;
 往前梳 wǎng qián shū ‹hair›④ Finance 把…转入下一栏 bǎ… zhuǎnrù xià yī lán ‹figure, balance›B. [bring sb forward, bring forward sb] transitive verb (present) 把…带上来 bǎ… dài shanglai ‹witness›bring in A. [bring sth in, bring in sth] transitive verb ① (carry in) 把…带进来 bǎ… dài jinlai ‹box, book›
▸ shall I bring in the dessert now? 现在可以上甜点了吗？ ② (introduce) 提出 tíchū ‹subject›;
 Politics (present for debate) 将…提交讨论 jiāng… tíjiāo tǎolùn ‹bill, reform›
▸ at this point the author brings in a new character 故事发展到这一情节时，作者引入了一个新人物 ③ (start to use) 引入 yǐnrù ‹system, scheme›④ Business (generate) 挣 zhèng ‹money›
▸ to bring sb in sth, bring in sth for sb;
 为某人赚取某物 
▸ our export business brought in £5 million last year 我们的出口业务去年赢利500万镑 ⑤ Law «jury» 宣布 xuānbù ‹verdict›⑥ (harvest) 收获 shōuhuò ‹crop, fruit›
▸ we brought in a good harvest last year 我们去年收成很好 B. [bring sb in, bring in sb] transitive verb ① (attract) «shop, town, person» 吸引 xīyǐn ‹person, customer›② (to police station) 押…到警察局 yā… dào jǐngchájú ‹suspect›
▸ to bring sb in for questioning 带某人到警察局讯问 ③ (involve) 让…参与 ràng… cānyù ‹adviser, expert›
▸ to bring sb in on sth/to do sth;
 使某人参与某事/做某事 
▸ they have brought in a public relations adviser 他们聘请了一位公关顾问 
▸ to be angry at not being brought in on the new housing proposal 因为新住房提案没有征求其意见而生气 ④ (call in for help) 调来 diàolái ‹rescue workers, police›bring into: transitive verb ① 
▸ to bring sb into sth (involve) 使参与某事 shǐ cānyù mǒu shì 
▸ don't bring me into this! 别把我扯进去！ bié bǎ wǒ chě jinqu ！ ② 
▸ bring sth into sth (introduce) 把…引入 bǎ… yǐnrù ‹subject›
▸ he always manages to bring politics into the conversation 他谈话时总能扯上政治 bring off: transitive verb ① [bring off sb, bring sb off] (rescue) «person, lifeboat, helicopter» 救出 jiùchū ‹person, crew, passengers›
▸ to bring sb off sth;
 把某人从某处救出 ② [bring off sth, bring sth off] (achieve) 实现 shíxiàn ‹ambition, plan›;
 达成 dáchéng ‹deal›;
 完成 wánchéng ‹task›
▸ the goalkeeper brought off a superb save 守门员做出了精彩的扑救 bring on A. [bring sth on, bring on sth] transitive verb ① (cause to happen) «weather, noise» 引起 yǐnqǐ ‹rheumatism, nervous breakdown›
▸ a heart attack brought on by lack of exercise 缺乏锻炼引发的心脏病 
▸ to bring on labour 引产 ② (help to grow) 促进…生长 cùjìn… shēngzhǎng ‹crops, flowers, plants›B. [bring sb/sth on, bring on sb/sth] transitive verb (cause to appear) 引…上场 yǐn… shàngchǎng ‹dancer, player›;
 把…搬上场 bǎ… bān shàngchǎng ‹piano›
▸ to bring on the next contestant 让下一名选手出场 
▸ to bring on a substitute 换上替补队员 C. [bring sb on, bring on sb] transitive verb (help to develop) 帮助…进步 bāngzhù… jìnbù ‹student, athlete, player›
▸ they bring the children on too quickly at that school 那个学校对学生的培养操之过急了 bring out A. [bring out sth, bring sth out] transitive verb ① (remove from within) 取出 qǔchū 
▸ to bring sth out of sth;
 从某处取出某物 ② (carry out) 带…出来 dài… chūlai 
▸ to bring sth out of sth;
 把某人/某物从某处带出来 
▸ to bring sth out with one;
 把某物带出来 
▸ did you bring your umbrella out with you? 你出来时带雨伞了吗？ 
▸ to bring sb out sth, to bring sth out for sb;
 为某人拿出某物 ③ Business (publish, launch) 出版 chūbǎn ‹book, magazine, record›;
 推出 tuīchū ‹product, film›
▸ it's about time they brought out a new edition 他们该出新版本了 ④ (cause to grow) «sunshine, weather» 使…开放 shǐ… kāifàng ‹flower›⑤ (cause to be displayed) 激发出 jīfā chū ‹quality, tendency, spirit›
▸ to bring out the best/worst in sb;
 使某人表现出最佳/最差的一面 
▸ disasters like these often bring out the best in people 在这样的灾难中人们往往会表现出最优秀的品质 
▸ their pompous attitude brings out the worst in me 他们自负的态度把我惹火了 ⑥ (accentuate) 突出 tūchū ‹detail, colour, sound›
▸ the carpet brings out the red in the curtains 地毯衬托出窗帘的红色 
▸ to bring out the flavour of the vegetables 使蔬菜出味 ⑦ (reveal) 揭示 jiēshì ‹meaning, truth›
▸ his remarks brought out the gravity of the situation 他的话说明了情况的严重性 B. [bring out sb, bring sb out] transitive verb ① (cause to go on strike) 发动…罢工 fādòng… bàgōng ‹workers›
▸ to bring sb out on strike 发动某人罢工 ② (make more confident) «experience, activity» 使…自信 shǐ… zìxìn ‹person›
▸ to bring sb out of himself/herself;
 使某人克服羞怯心理 
▸ he's very shy;
 we're trying to bring him out 他很腼腆，我们正努力使他放开一点 C. transitive verb 
▸ to bring sb out in sth (cause to be covered in) «food, heat, excitement» 使某人皮肤上布满某物 shǐ mǒu rén pífū shang bùmǎn mǒu wù 
▸ chocolate brings me out in spots 我吃巧克力皮肤上会长斑 
▸ the shock brought him out in a cold sweat 他惊出一身冷汗 tā jīng chū yīshēn lěnghàn bring round British A. [bring sth/sb round, bring round sth/sb] transitive verb (carry, escort from one place to another) 把…带来 bǎ… dàilai 
▸ to bring sth/sb round with one;
 带来某物/某人 B. [bring sb round, bring round sb] transitive verb ① (convince) 说服 shuōfú 
▸ to bring sb round to sth;
 说服某人赞成某事 
▸ she brought me round to the idea 她说服我同意了这个想法 ② (revive) «brandy» 使苏醒 shǐ sūxǐng C. [bring sth round, bring round sth] transitive verb ① (cause to move to other side) 把…移到另一边 bǎ… yí dào lìng yībiān ‹object›
▸ bring the car round to the front of the house 把车开到房前 ② 
▸ (manoeuvre) to bring the conversation round to sth;
 把话题转到某事物上 bǎ huàtí zhuǎn dào mǒu shìwù shang 
▸ she always manages to bring the discussion round to politics 她总能把讨论内容引到政治上 bring to: transitive verb ① [bring sb to] (revive) 使苏醒 shǐ sūxǐng 
▸ to bring sb to himself/herself;
 使某人苏醒 ② [bring sth to] Nautical 停下 tíngxia ‹boat›bring together transitive verb ① (cause to touch) 连接 liánjiē ‹ends, pieces›
▸ when the glue is almost dry, bring the two surfaces together 胶水快干时，把两个表面压到一起 ② (cause people to gather) 把人召集起来 bǎ rén zhàojí qilai ;
 (create bond between people) 使团结 shǐ tuánjié 
▸ to bring the two sides together 促使双方进行商谈 
▸ our mother's illness brought us closer together 母亲生病使我们更加亲密无间了 
▸ their love of sailing brought them together 对帆船运动的热爱使他们走到了一起 bring up A. [bring sb up, bring up sb] transitive verb ① (rear) 抚养 fǔyǎng ‹child›
▸ well/badly brought up;
 有/没教养 
▸ to bring sb up to do sth;
 从小教育某人做某事 
▸ I was brought up on a farm 我是在农场长大的 
▸ my parents brought me up very strictly 我父母对我管教很严 ② (escort from lower place) 带上来 dài shanglai ③ (cause to stop) 使急停 shǐ jítíng 
▸ his remark brought her up short 他的话把她噎了回去 
▸ the sight of the gun brought us up sharply 我们一看到枪就停下脚步 ④ Law (present for judgement) 传讯 chuánxùn 
▸ to bring sb up before the judge;
 传讯某人到法官面前 
▸ he was brought up on a charge of drunken driving 他因被控酒醉驾驶受到传讯 B. [bring sth up, bring up sth] transitive verb ① (carry from lower place) 把…拿上来 bǎ… ná shanglai 
▸ to bring sth up with one;
 随身把某物拿上来 
▸ to bring sb up sth, to bring sth up for sb;
 把某物给某人拿上去 
▸ can you bring me up a glass? 给我拿个杯子上来好吗？ ② (improve) 改进 gǎijìn ‹work›;
 提高 tígāo ‹standard, salary›
▸ to bring sth up to standard;
 使某事物达标 ③ (vomit) 呕出 ǒuchū ‹food, meal›④ (mention) 提出 tíchū ‹question, subject›
▸ I'm sorry, I won't bring it up again 对不起，我不会再提这件事了 ⑤ Computing (cause to appear) 调出 diàochū ‹menu›



broadcast | BrE ˈbrɔːdkɑːst, AmE ˈbrɔdˌkæst | A. noun 广播 guǎngbō 
▸ a TV/radio/news broadcast 电视/电台/新闻广播 
▸ a live broadcast 现场直播 
▸ the broadcast of sth 某事的播出 
▸ sb's broadcast to the nation 某人对全国的广播讲话 B. transitive verb past tense, past participle broadcast or broadcasted ① Television, Radio (transmit) 播送 bōsòng ‹programme, news›;
 播出 bōchū ‹sporting event, concert›② (tell) derogatory 散布 sànbù ‹news, rumour›
▸ there's no need to broadcast it! 没有必要大肆宣扬此事！ ③ Farming 撒播 sǎbō ‹seeds›C. intransitive verb past tense, past participle broadcast or broadcasted ① (transmit) «TV, radio station» 播放 bōfàng ② (present) «person» 广播节目 guǎngbō jiémù 
▸ to broadcast on …;
 在…广播节目 ‹TV, radio›



brush | BrE brʌʃ, AmE brəʃ | A. noun ① countable (implement) 刷子 shuāzi ;
 (for painting) 画笔 huàbǐ ② countable (act of brushing) 刷 shuā 
▸ to give sth a brush 刷一下某物 ③ countable (light touch) 轻拂 qīngfú 
▸ I felt the brush of the bird's wing against my cheek 我感到这只鸟的翅膀拂过我的脸颊 ④ countable (encounter) 小冲突 xiǎo chōngtū 
▸ to have a brush with sb;
 与某人闹别扭 
▸ to have a brush with sth;
 撞上某事物 
▸ to have a brush with death 与死神擦肩而过 ⑤ uncountable (mainly US, Australian) (undergrowth) 灌木丛 guànmùcóng ⑥ uncountable (twigs) 断落的树枝 duànluò de shùzhī ⑦ countable Zoology (tail) 狐狸尾巴 húli wěiba ⑧ countable Electricity 电刷 diànshuā B. transitive verb ① (sweep, clean) 刷 shuā ‹clothes, shoes, teeth›
▸ to wear one's hair brushed back 梳着背头 ② (remove with brush) 刷掉 shuādiào 
▸ to brush sth off (sth);
 把某物（从某处）刷掉 
▸ to brush sth into sth;
 把某物刷进某处 
▸ to brush sth away (from sth);
 把某物（从某处）刷去 
▸ all the snow has been brushed off the steps/into the gutter 台阶上的雪都已经扫除了/扫进了排水沟里 ③ (touch lightly) 拂过 fúguo 
▸ her skirt brushes the ground as she walks 她走路时裙子拂过地面 C. intransitive verb 拂过 fúguo 
▸ to brush against sb/sth;
 拂过某人/某物 PHRASAL VERBS brush aside: transitive verb ① [brush sth/sb aside, brush aside sth/sb] (dismiss) 不理会 bù lǐhuì ‹idea, feeling, objection, person›② [brush sb aside, brush aside sb] (beat) 轻松击败 qīngsōng jībài ‹opponent›③ [brush sth aside, brush aside sth] (move away) 把…移开 bǎ… yíkāi ‹object›
▸ she brushed aside the curtain or brushed the curtain aside 她撩开帘子 brush down: transitive verb [brush down sth, brush sth down] (remove dirt from) 刷干净 shuā gānjìng ;
 (remove creases from) 抹平 mǒpíng 
▸ to brush oneself down;
 把自己掸干净 
▸ he stood up and brushed himself down (after a fall) 他站起来把身上拍干净 brush off: A. transitive verb [brush off sb/sth, brush sb/sth off] informal 不理会 bù lǐhuì ‹question, person, criticism, threat›
▸ to brush sth off as sth;
 把某事物当作某事物打发掉 
▸ he's very keen on her, but she keeps brushing him off 他很迷恋她，但她总是不搭理他 
▸ to brush off failure 漠视失败 B. intransitive verb «dirt» 被刷掉 bèi shuādiào 
▸ mud brushes off easily when it's dry 泥干后容易刷掉 brush up A. transitive verb [brush up sth, brush sth up] ① (clear up) 刷除 shuāchú ② informal (improve) 温习 wēnxí ‹knowledge, skills›B. intransitive verb 
▸ to brush up on sth informal (improve) 温习 wēnxí ‹French, piano playing›



build | BrE bɪld, AmE bɪld | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle built ① (construct) 建造 jiànzào ‹house, ship›;
 筑 zhù ‹road, dyke›
▸ to build sb sth, to build sth for sb;
 为某人建造某物 
▸ to build sth out of/from sth;
 用某物建造某物 
▸ to build sth on (to sth);
 （给某物）扩建某物 
▸ birds build their nests out of twigs 鸟用细树枝筑巢 ② figurative (develop) 培养 péiyǎng ‹character›;
 树立 shùlì ‹reputation›;
 创立 chuànglì ‹theory, career, business›;
 建设 jiànshè ‹future, society›③ figurative (establish) 创建 chuàngjiàn 
▸ to build sth on or upon sth;
 «person, organization» 将…建立在某基础上 ‹society, policy, career›
▸ the government is building its hopes on an upturn in the economy 政府寄希望于经济复苏 ④ (make stronger) 增强 zēngqiáng ‹strength›;
 使…发达 shǐ… fādá ‹muscles›⑤ Games (form) 组成 zǔchéng ‹words, sequences›B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle built ① figurative (use as foundation) 发展 fāzhǎn 
▸ to build on sth;
 在…的基础上继续发展 ‹achievement, success, result›② (increase in intensity) «pressure» 加强 jiāqiáng ;
 «piece of music, protests» 渐渐变强 jiànjiàn biànqiáng 
▸ to build to a climax/crescendo;
 渐渐向高潮发展 ③ Building 盖房子 gài fángzi 
▸ to build on sth;
 在某处盖房子 C. noun uncountable 体形 tǐxíng 
▸ a man of powerful/average build 体格强壮/中等身材的男子 
▸ she is slender in build 她身材苗条 PHRASAL VERBS build in transitive verb [build in sth, buildsth in] ① (construct) 嵌入建造 qiànrù jiànzào 
▸ we're having new wardrobes/bookcases built in 我们正在嵌造新壁橱/书架 ② figurative (incorporate) 包括 bāokuò ‹provision, feature›
▸ they say they'll sign the contract if we build in extra safeguards 他们说如果我们把额外保证条款写进合同中，他们就会签字 build up A. intransitive verb ① (increase in amount) 逐渐增加 zhújiàn zēngjiā 
▸ the traffic is building up on roads into the city 通往市区公路上的车辆越来越多 ② (become more intense) «excitement» 加强 jiāqiáng 
▸ tension built up as the crisis approached 随着危机的临近，气氛变得越来越紧张 B. transitive verb [build up sth, buildsth up] ① (accumulate) 积聚 jījù ‹wealth›;
 集结 jíjié ‹troops›② (boost) 鼓舞 gǔwǔ ‹morale›;
 增强 zēngqiáng ‹confidence›;
 提高 tígāo ‹output, production›;
 使…更强烈 shǐ… gèng qiángliè ‹excitement, tension›③ (establish) 树立 shùlì ‹reputation›;
 逐步建立 zhúbù jiànlì ‹database, organization›
▸ a relationship of trust needs to be built up between the police and the public 警民之间需要建立起互信关系 ④ usually passive (cover with buildings) 在…上造满房子 zài… shang zàomǎn fángzi ‹land›⑤ informal (promote) 吹捧 chuīpěng ‹person, event›
▸ to build sth/sb up as sth or to be sth;
 把某事物/某人吹嘘为某事物 ⑥ (improve physically) 增强 zēngqiáng ‹strength›
▸ to build oneself up;
 增强体质 
▸ regular exercise will build up your muscles 经常锻炼可以使肌肉变得强壮 



burn1 | BrE bəːn, AmE bərn | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle burned or (mainly British) burnt ① (damage by heat or fire) 烧毁 shāohuǐ 
▸ to burn sth to ashes/to a cinder or crisp 把某物烧成灰/烧焦 
▸ to burn sb alive 把某人活活烧死 
▸ to burn sb to death 把某人烧死 ② (use) 烧 shāo ‹fuel›
▸ the system burns too much oil 这个系统太费油 ③ (damage accidentally) 烧坏 shāohuài ‹possessions, clothes›;
 烧出 shāochū ‹hole›;
 «fire» 烧伤 shāoshāng ‹part of body›;
 «heat» 烫伤 tàngshāng ‹part of body›
▸ he burned his mouth on the hot soup 他喝热汤烫伤了嘴 
▸ their skin was burnt by the sun;
 他们的皮肤被阳光灼伤了 
▸ to burn one's fingers, to get one's fingers burnt figurative 因考虑不周而蒙受损失 
▸ to burn one's boats or bridges figurative 自断后路 
▸ burnt into one's memory 铭刻在记忆中的 
▸ the experience burned itself into my memory 这一经历在我的记忆中打下了烙印 → candle④ (spoil, overcook) 烧糊 shāohú ‹milk›;
 烤焦 kǎojiāo ‹cake, meat›⑤ Computing (put information on) 刻录 kèlù ‹CD›B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle burned or (mainly British) burnt ① (be consumed by fire) 烧毁 shāohuǐ 
▸ their house burnt to the ground 他们的房子被大火夷为平地 
▸ to fiddle while Rome burns proverb 大难临头仍歌舞升平 ② (produce flames and heat) «wood, fire» 燃烧 ránshāo 
▸ coal burns well in this stove 这炉子烧煤很好 
▸ the fire burned (down) low 火势减弱了 ③ (be switched on) 发光 fāguāng 
▸ a light was burning in the hall 大厅里亮着一盏灯 ④ (be overcooked, spoiled) «food, dinner» 烧糊 shāohú ⑤ (be painful, sore) «part of body, wound» 火辣辣地痛 huǒlàlà de tòng ⑥ (be sunburnt) «person, part of body» 晒伤 shàishāng ⑦ figurative (be aroused) 渴望 kěwàng 
▸ to burn with desire (for sb/sth);
 渴望（得到某人/某事物） 
▸ to burn with impatience 急不可待 
▸ to burn for revenge 渴望复仇 ⑧ (eat into) «acid» 腐蚀 fǔshí C. noun ① (injury, mark) (from fire) 烧伤 shāoshāng ;
 (from heat) 烫伤 tàngshāng ;
 (from sun) 晒伤 shàishāng 
▸ severe/superficial/slight burns 严重/表面/轻微烧伤 
▸ cigarette burns 烟头烫伤 
▸ rope burns 绳子勒痕 
▸ there were burns all over the furniture 家具上满是烧灼的痕迹 ② (consumption of fuel) 燃料消耗 ránliào xiāohào PHRASAL VERBS burn away A. intransitive verb ① (continue to burn) «fire, flame» 持续燃烧 chíxù ránshāo ② (be consumed by fire) «log, candle» 烧掉 shāodiào B. transitive verb [burn sth away, burn away sth] 烧掉 shāodiào ‹wood, paint, skin›burn down A. intransitive verb ① (be destroyed) «house» 烧毁 shāohuǐ ② (have lower flame) «stick» 烧短 shāoduǎn ;
 «fire» 减弱 jiǎnruò 
▸ the candle had almost burned right down 蜡烛几乎烧没了 B. transitive verb [burn sth down, burn down sth] 烧毁 shāohuǐ ‹structure, house›burn off A. intransitive verb «substance» 烧尽 shāojìn B. transitive verb [burn sth off, burn off sth] 烧掉 shāodiào ‹paint, vegetation›burn out A. intransitive verb ① (stop burning) «fire, candle» 熄灭 xīmiè ② (stop working) «fuse, motor, light bulb» 烧坏 shāohuài B. transitive verb ① [burn sth out, burn out sth] (make unserviceable) 烧坏 shāohuài ‹clutch, engine, motor›② [burn sth out, burn out sth] (destroy) 烧毁 shāohuǐ ‹car, building›③ [burn sb out, burn out sb] (force out) «person» 放火驱出 fànghuǒ qūchū ;
 «fire» 烧毁…的家 shāohuǐ… de jiā 
▸ we burnt the enemy troops out of their shelter 我们放火把敌军逼出了掩体 
▸ burnt out of house and home 因火灾而不得不离家的 C. to burn oneself out reflexive verb (become exhausted) 筋疲力尽 jīn pí lì jìn burn up A. intransitive verb ① (burn more strongly) «flame, fire» 烧得更旺 shāo de gèng wàng ② (be destroyed) «rocket, satellite, meteorite» 烧毁 shāohuǐ B. transitive verb ① [burn up sth, burn sth up] (destroy) 烧掉 shāodiào ② [burn up sb, burn sb up] US informal (make angry) «behaviour, attitude» 激怒 jīnù 
▸ not getting the promotion burnt her up 她因未能升职而怒气冲冲 



burst | BrE bəːst, AmE bərst | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle burst ① (puncture, rupture) 使破裂 shǐ pòliè 
▸ to burst a balloon 扎破气球 
▸ the car burst a tyre 汽车爆胎了 
▸ they burst the door open and rushed in 他们破门而入 
▸ to burst one's sides (with laughter) 笑破肚皮 
▸ to burst a blood vessel Medicine 使血管破裂 ② (break through) 冲破 chōngpò ‹dam, barrier, crowd›
▸ the river burst its banks 河决堤了 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle burst ① (explode) «bomb» 爆炸 bàozhà ② (split) «dam» 溃决 kuìjué ;
 «bag» 胀破 zhàngpò ;
 «tyre, pipe» 爆裂 bàoliè ③ (be full to overflowing) «room, bag, container» 挤满 jǐmǎn ;
 «person» 吃撑 chīchēng 
▸ to be full or filled to bursting 装得满满的 
▸ to be fit or ready to burst informal 吃得肚皮都要胀破了 ④ 
▸ to be bursting with sth (be full of) 充满某事物 chōngmǎn mǒu shìwù 
▸ to be bursting with happiness/pride 洋溢着幸福/自豪 yángyìzhe xìngfú/zìháo ⑤ 
▸ to be bursting to do sth figurative (be very keen) 迫不及待地要做某事 pò bù jí dài de yào zuò mǒu shì 
▸ to be bursting (for the toilet) informal 内急 nèijí ⑥ (emerge suddenly) 突然出现 tūrán chūxiàn 
▸ to burst into the room;
 闯入这房间 
▸ to burst in on sb/sth;
 闯入打断某人/某事 
▸ to burst open;
 猛然打开 
▸ to burst on or on to sth;
 突然在某处出现 
▸ the sun burst through the clouds 太阳破云而出 ⑦ (begin suddenly) 爆发 bàofā 
▸ to burst into sth;
 突然开始做某事 
▸ to burst into tears 突然大哭起来 
▸ the trees burst into bud 树木发芽 C. noun ① (series of shots) 连发射击 liánfā shèjī 
▸ to fire a burst at sth/sb 向某物/某人连续射击 
▸ bursts of gunfire 阵阵炮火 
▸ bomb bursts 炮弹的发射 ② (rupturing of pipe) 爆裂 bàoliè ;
 (hole, split in pipe) 裂口 lièkǒu ③ (spurt, outbreak) 爆发 bàofā 
▸ a burst of speed 猛然的加速 
▸ bursts of laughter/applause/rage 阵阵笑声/掌声/怒火 PHRASAL VERB burst out intransitive verb ① (exclaim) 突然大喊 tūrán dàhǎn ② (begin suddenly) 突然开始 tūrán kāishǐ 
▸ to burst out laughing/crying/singing 突然大笑/大哭/高歌起来 ③ (exit suddenly and noisily) 冲出 chōngchū 
▸ to burst out of the room 冲出房间 



bury | BrE ˈbɛri, AmE ˈbɛri | transitive verb ① (after death) 埋葬 máizàng ‹person, animal›
▸ to bury sb at sea 把某人海葬 
▸ to bury sb alive 活埋某人 
▸ dead and buried 被埋葬了的 ② (cover) «rocks, snow» 掩埋 yǎnmái ‹person, place›③ (hide in ground) «person, animal» 埋藏 máicáng ‹precious object, nuts›
▸ to bury one's head in the sand figurative (ignore realities) 逃避现实 (ignore problems) 回避问题 ④ figurative (forget) 抛开 pāokāi ‹differences, hatred›
▸ to bury the hatchet or US tomahawk 消除隔阂 ⑤ (conceal) 掩藏 yǎncáng ‹oneself, part of body›
▸ she buried her face in her hands 她双手掩面 ⑥ (hide away) 隐藏 yǐncáng 
▸ a tiny hamlet buried deep in the country 隐没在乡野的小村子 ⑦ 
▸ to bury oneself in sth (involve deeply) 自己沉浸于某事物 zìjǐ chénjìn yú mǒu shìwù 
▸ to be buried in a book 埋头读书 máitóu dúshū 
▸ to be buried in thought 沉思 chénsī ⑧ (sink) 把…插入 bǎ… chārù 
▸ the leopard buried its teeth into my leg 豹子狠狠地咬了我的腿 
▸ she buried her hands in her pockets 她把手插在兜里 



bust1 | BrE bʌst, AmE bəst | informal A. transitive verb past tense, past participle bust or busted ① (break) 弄坏 nònghuài 
▸ to bust a gut doing sth/to do sth 竭尽全力做某事 
▸ to bust one's ass 拼命 ② (break up) 摧毁 cuīhuǐ 
▸ the police busted the drugs ring 警方粉碎了这个贩毒团伙 ③ US (raid) 突击搜查 tūjī sōuchá ④ (arrest) 逮捕 dàibǔ ⑤ US informal (demote) 把…降职 bǎ… jiàngzhí ⑥ (mainly US) (hit) 重击 zhòngjī 
▸ to bust sb on the nose/in the mouth 猛击某人的鼻子/嘴 B. intransitive verb past tense, past participle bust or busted 爆裂 bàoliè 
▸ Brighton or bust! 一定要去布赖顿！ 
▸ fit to bust 用力 
▸ to laugh fit to bust 放声大笑 C. adjective ① (not working) 坏了的 huàile de ‹machine, device, car›② (bankrupt) 破产的 pòchǎn de 
▸ to be/go bust;
 破产 D. noun ① US (police raid) 突击搜查 tūjī sōuchá ② US (failure) 失败 shībài PHRASAL VERB bust up: A. intransitive verb informal 
▸ to bust up (with sb);
 （和某人）分手 (hé mǒu rén)fēnshǒu B. transitive verb [bust sth up, bust up sth] 解散 jiěsàn ‹meeting›;
 驱散 qūsàn ‹gathering›;
 使…破裂 shǐ… pòliè ‹relationship, friendship›



buy | BrE bʌɪ, AmE baɪ | A. transitive verb past tense, past participle bought ① (purchase) 买 mǎi 
▸ to buy sth from or off sb;
 从某人手中买某物 
▸ to buy sth for sb, to buy sb sth;
 给某人买某物 
▸ to buy in bulk 大宗购买 
▸ to buy sth cheap/retail/wholesale/at a price;
 以低价/零售价/批发价/高价购买某物 ② figurative (obtain) 赢得 yíngdé ‹time, freedom, health›
▸ money can't buy you love/happiness 钱不能够换来爱情/幸福 ③ (bribe) 收买 shōumǎi ‹person›
▸ he/she can't be bought 他/她是不可能买通的 
▸ to buy sb's loyalty/silence 出钱换取某人的忠诚/沉默 ④ informal (believe) 相信 xiāngxìn ‹story, excuse›⑤ 
▸ British informal to buy it (die) 被杀死 bèi shāsǐ 
▸ he bought it when he was shot down 他中弹身亡 tā zhòngdàn shēnwáng B. noun 买的东西 mǎi de dōngxi 
▸ a good/bad buy 买得合算/不合算的东西 PHRASAL VERBS buy in: transitive verb [buy sth in, buy in sth] British 买进 mǎijìn ‹goods, stock›buy into transitive verb [buy into sth] ① Business (buy shares in) 购买某公司的股份 gòumǎi mǒu gōngsī de gǔfèn ② informal (believe) 相信某事 xiāngxìn mǒu shì buy off: transitive verb [buy sb off, buy off sb] 收买 shōumǎi buy out: transitive verb [buy sb out, buy out sb] 买断…的股份 mǎiduàn… de gǔfèn buy up: transitive verb [buy sth up, buy up sth] 全部买下 quánbù mǎixia ‹supplies, shares, land, property›



buzz | BrE bʌz, AmE bəz | A. noun ① (of insect, device) 嗡嗡声 wēngwēng shēng ② humorous (noise) 唧唧喳喳 jījizhāzhā 
▸ the proposals were greeted with a buzz of approval 大家七嘴八舌地对提议表示赞成 ③ informal (rumour) 谣言 yáoyán 
▸ what's the buzz? 大家都在嚼什么舌呢？ ④ informal (phone call) 打电话 dǎ diànhuà 
▸ to give sb a buzz 给某人打电话 ⑤ informal (thrill, pleasure) 愉悦 yúyuè 
▸ to get a buzz out of/from sth;
 因某事感到兴奋 B. intransitive verb ① (make humming sound) «insect, machine» 发出嗡嗡声 fāchū wēngwēng shēng 
▸ three huge flies were buzzing round the kitchen 3只大苍蝇在厨房里嗡嗡地飞 
▸ all the talk made my ears buzz 这些话让我的耳朵嗡嗡作响 ② figurative (be full of activity) «place» 充满活动 chōngmǎn huódòng 
▸ to buzz with sth;
 充满某活动 
▸ her head was buzzing with thoughts/ideas 她满脑袋各种各样的想法/念头 ③ (sound a buzzer) 按响蜂鸣器 ànxiǎng fēngmíngqì 
▸ to buzz for sth/sb;
 按蜂鸣器要某物/找某人 C. transitive verb ① (call) 用蜂鸣器呼叫 yòng fēngmíngqì hūjiào ‹person›
▸ to buzz sb for service/attention 按蜂鸣器要求某人提供服务/来处理 ② informal (phone) 给…打电话 gěi… dǎ diànhuà ③ Aviation informal 低飞掠过 dīfēi lüèguo ‹town, troops›;
 逼近 bījìn ‹plane›PHRASAL VERB buzz off intransitive verb British informal 走开 zǒukāi 
