


obey | BrE ə(ʊ)ˈbeɪ, AmE əˈbeɪ,oʊˈbeɪ | A. transitive verb 服从 fúcóng ‹parent, superior, order›;
 遵守 zūnshǒu ‹law, instruction›;
 受…支配 shòu… zhīpèi ‹conscience, instinct›B. intransitive verb 服从 fúcóng 



oblige | BrE əˈblʌɪdʒ, AmE əˈblaɪdʒ | A. transitive verb ① (compel) 强迫 qiǎngpò 
▸ to be obliged to do sth;
 被迫做某事 
▸ to feel obliged to do sth;
 觉得有义务做某事 
▸ you are not obliged/they cannot oblige you to answer 你不一定要回答/他们不能强迫你回答 ② (be helpful to) 帮助 bāngzhù 
▸ she did it to oblige them 她做这事来帮助他们 B. intransitive verb 有帮助 yǒu bāngzhù 
▸ anything to oblige! 乐于效劳！ 



observe | BrE əbˈzəːv, AmE əbˈzərv | transitive verb ① (see, notice) 注意到 zhùyì dào 
▸ to observe sb doing sth;
 注意到某人做某事 
▸ did you observe what she did next? 你看到她接下来做什么了吗？ ② (watch carefully) 观察 guānchá ‹patient, phenomenon, development›;
 监视 jiānshì ‹suspect›③ (remark) 说 shuō ;
 (comment) 评论 pínglùn ④ (adhere to) 遵守 zūnshǒu ‹law, custom, ceasefire›
▸ we observed a one-minute silence 我们默哀了一分钟 ⑤ (celebrate) 庆祝 qìngzhù ‹religious festival›



obstruct | BrE əbˈstrʌkt, AmE əbˈstrəkt,ɑbˈstrəkt | transitive verb ① (block) 阻挡 zǔdǎng ‹opening, road›;
 阻塞 zǔsè ‹pipe, gutter›;
 遮挡 zhēdǎng ‹view›② (hinder) 堵塞 dǔsè ‹flow, traffic›;
 阻碍 zǔ'ài ‹progress, movement›
▸ to obstruct the passage of a bill Politics 阻挠法案通过 ③ Law 妨碍 fáng'ài ‹police, justice›④ Sport 犯规性阻挡 fànguīxìng zǔdǎng ‹player›



obtain | BrE əbˈteɪn, AmE əbˈteɪn,ɑbˈteɪn | A. transitive verb 获得 huòdé ‹information, permission, job, money, shares›;
 赢得 yíngdé ‹prize, votes›;
 取得 qǔdé ‹degree›
▸ the goods were obtained illegally 这些财产是非法所得 B. intransitive verb formal «custom, practice» 存在 cúnzài ;
 «fashion» 流行 liúxíng ;
 «method» 适用 shìyòng 



occupy | BrE ˈɒkjʊpʌɪ, AmE ˈɑkjəˌpaɪ | transitive verb ① (inhabit, use) 居住 jūzhù ‹house, flat›;
 使用 shǐyòng ‹office›;
 拥有 yōngyǒu ‹premises›② (take, use) 占用 zhànyòng ‹room, chair›
▸ is this place occupied? 这位置有人吗？ 
▸ the toilet is occupied 厕所里有人 ③ (hold) 担任 dānrèn ‹position, post›④ Military (take over) 占领 zhànlǐng ‹country, town›
▸ occupied territory 被占领土 ⑤ (take up) 占据 zhànjù ‹space, room, time›
▸ the speeches/celebrations occupied the whole day 演讲/庆祝活动持续了一整天 ⑥ (keep busy) 使…忙碌 shǐ… mánglù ‹person›;
 占据 zhànjù ‹mind›;
 吸引 xīyǐn ‹attention›
▸ to occupy oneself/sb with sth;
 使自己/某人忙于做某事 
▸ I kept the kids occupied by reading them a book 我靠给孩子们读书吸引他们的注意力 



occur | BrE əˈkəː, AmE əˈkər | intransitive verb present participle occurring past tense, past participle occurred ① (happen) «accident, event» 发生 fāshēng ;
 «death» 来临 láilín ;
 «epidemic» 爆发 bàofā ② (be present) «expression, misprint» 出现 chūxiàn ;
 «plant, tree» 存在 cúnzài ③ (suggest itself) «idea» 被想到 bèi xiǎngdào 
▸ to occur to sb;
 被某人想到 
▸ it only occurred to me later 我只是后来才想到 
▸ did it never occur to you that something was wrong? 你从未想过出错了吗？ 



offer | BrE ˈɒfə, AmE ˈɔfər,ˈɑfər | A. transitive verb ① (propose) 提出 tíchū ‹suggestion, opinion, resignation›
▸ to offer (sb) advice （给某人）提出劝告 
▸ to have something/nothing to offer 有/无话要说 
▸ I have nothing to offer 我无可奉告 
▸ to offer to do sth;
 主动提出做某事 
▸ to offer to cook dinner 主动提出做正餐 
▸ ‘I'll do it,’she offered “这个我来做吧，”她提议道 ② (proffer) 主动提供 zhǔdòng tígōng ‹job, place, help›;
 给予 jǐyǔ ‹friendship, affection›
▸ to offer sb a drink 请某人喝一杯 
▸ to offer sb a big salary 给某人高薪 
▸ to offer a reward (for sth) （为某事物）提供奖赏 
▸ to offer one's seat to sb 给某人让座 
▸ to offer a big reduction 开展大降价 
▸ to be offered a post at Oxford 得到在牛津大学的一个职位 ③ (provide) «idea, job» 提供 tígōng ‹advantage, prospects›
▸ to offer protection from the rain «place» 挡雨 
▸ to offer shade «tree» 遮阴 
▸ this vest offers protection against bullets 这件背心有防弹功能 
▸ to offer easy access to the beach «house, location» 去海滩很方便 
▸ a hotel offering excellent facilities 设施一流的酒店 
▸ a town with a lot to offer (to) visitors 让游客流连忘返的城镇 ④ formal (possess) 具备 jùbèi ‹qualification, experience›
▸ to offer at least one foreign language «candidate» 至少懂一门外语 ⑤ (present) 作出 zuòchū ‹resistance, defence›⑥ (sell) 出售 chūshòu ‹merchandise›
▸ to offer sth for sale 出售某物 ⑦ Finance 开出 kāichū 
▸ to offer £50 for sth 出价50英镑买某物 ⑧ Religion = offer upB. intransitive verb 自愿提出 zìyuàn tíchū C. reflexive verb ① to offer oneself (volunteer) 自告奋勇 zì gào fènyǒng ② to offer itself (present) 出现 chūxiàn 
▸ if the opportunity/occasion offers itself … 如果机会来了/时机到了… rúguǒ jīhuì lái le/shíjī dào le… D. noun ① countable (proposal) 提议 tíyì 
▸ a peace offer 和平倡议 
▸ to make (sb) an offer （向某人）提出建议 
▸ to agree to/accept an offer 同意/接受提议 
▸ to decline or refuse or reject an offer 拒绝提议 ② countable (act of proffering) 提供 tígōng 
▸ to accept/reject an offer of sth;
 接受/拒绝某物的主动提供 
▸ an offer of marriage 求婚 
▸ an offer of a job, a job offer 工作机会的提供 
▸ offers of help/mediation 主动提出的帮助/调解 
▸ an offer to do sth;
 主动提出做某事 ③ countable Finance 出价 chūjià 
▸ a firm offer 实盘 
▸ a reasonable/tempting offer 合理的/诱人的报价 
▸ to make (sb) an offer （给某人）出价 
▸ to agree to or accept an offer 同意/接受出价 
▸ to decline or refuse or reject an offer 不接受出价 
▸ to be open to offers 开价可以商量 
▸ under offer 已有买主出价 ④ uncountable and countable (promotion) 优惠价 yōuhuìjià 
▸ on offer 特价出售 
▸ a free offer 免费赠品 ⑤ uncountable 
▸ on offer (available) 供出售 gōng chūshòu 
▸ what do you have on offer? 你有什么可卖的？ PHRASAL VERB offer up transitive verb [offer sth up, offer up sth] ① (mainly Religion) (present) 奉献 fèngxiàn ‹sacrifice, gift›
▸ to offer up one's life for a cause 为事业献身 ② Religion (utter) 虔诚地表达 qiánchéng de biǎodá ‹thanks›
▸ prayers were offered up for his safety 为他的平安做了祈祷 



offset A. transitive verb | BrE ˈɒfsɛt,ɒfˈsɛt, AmE ˌɔfˈsɛt,ˈɔfˌsɛt | present participle offsetting past tense, past participle offset ① 抵消 dǐxiāo ‹loss, change, donation›
▸ to offset sth against sth;
 用一事抵消另一事 ② Printing 胶印 jiāoyìn ‹text, picture, article›B. noun | BrE ˈɒfsɛt, AmE ˈɔfˌsɛt,ˈɑfˌsɛt | ① (counterbalancing factor) 抵消 dǐxiāo 
▸ as an offset to sth;
 作为对某事的补偿 ② (in pipe) 弯管 wānguǎn 



omit | BrE ə(ʊ)ˈmɪt, AmE əˈmɪt,oʊˈmɪt | transitive verb present participle omitting past tense, past participle omitted ① (intentionally) 删除 shānchú ‹name, reference, word›;
 (by mistake) 漏掉 lòudiào ‹name, reference, word›② (fail) 疏忽 shūhu 
▸ to omit to do sth;
 未能做某事 



ooze | BrE uːz, AmE uz | A. noun uncountable (mud, slime) 泥浆 níjiāng B. intransitive verb ① «liquid, blood» 慢慢流出 mànmàn liúchū ;
 «pus, sap» 渗出 shènchū ② 
▸ to ooze with sth;
 «bandage, shoes, walls» 渗出某种黏液 shènchū mǒu zhǒng niányè 
▸ to ooze with charm 散发着魅力 sànfāzhe mèilì C. transitive verb ① literal 渗出 shènchū ‹blood, pus›② figurative 散发 sànfā ‹charm, confidence, sex appeal›PHRASAL VERB ooze out intransitive verb 慢慢流出 mànmàn liúchū 
▸ ooze out of sth;
 从某处慢慢流出 



open | BrE ˈəʊp(ə)n, AmE ˈoʊpən | A. adjective ① (not closed) 开着的 kāizhe de ‹window, drawer, tin›;
 翻开的 fānkāi de ‹book, newspaper›;
 张开的 zhāngkāi de ‹mouth, wings›;
 敞开的 chǎngkāi de ‹collar, jacket, container, envelope›
▸ to leave the door open a crack 把门留一条缝 
▸ I can't get the door open 我打不开门 
▸ the door flew open 门突然开了 
▸ the bag burst open 袋子一下子破了 
▸ his eyes are open 他的眼睛睁着 
▸ with one's eyes open, with open eyes figurative 心知肚明地 
▸ the flowers aren't open yet 花还未开 
▸ your fly is or flies are open 你的裤子拉链开了 
▸ to welcome sb with open arms figurative 热情欢迎某人 
▸ with an open hand figurative 慷慨大方地 ② predicative (admitting customers) 开门的 kāimén de ‹shop›;
 (admitting visitors) 开放的 kāifàng de ‹museum›
▸ the bank won't be open until 9 银行9点才开门 
▸ to be open to the public 向公众开放 
▸ the new road won't be open until 2018 这条新建的道路要到2018年才通车 
▸ the meeting is now open 会议现在向公众开放 ③ usually predicative (not blocked) 畅通的 chàngtōng de 
▸ to be open «channel, pass» 畅通无阻 «bowels, pores» 通畅 tōngchàng 
▸ to keep the lines of communication open 保持通信线路畅通 
▸ an open goal Sport 空门进球 
▸ to be open to sth/sb;
 某物/某人可通行 
▸ to be open to traffic/boats 车辆/船只可通行 
▸ the road to riches lay open before him 他面前通往财富的道路畅通无阻 ④ (not covered) 敞篷的 chǎngpéng de ‹vehicle, carriage›;
 无遮盖的 wúzhēgài de ‹sewer, tomb›
▸ an open boat 敞舱船 
▸ an open fire/drain 明火/排水明沟 ⑤ (not enclosed) 开阔的 kāikuò de ‹sky, view›
▸ the open air 户外 hùwài 
▸ open country 空旷的田野 
▸ the open sea 开阔的海域 
▸ (wide) open spaces （开阔的）空旷地带 ⑥ (exposed) 暴露的 bàolù de ‹place, coastline›;
 (conspicuous) 显眼的 xiǎnyǎn de ‹place›
▸ an open field 无遮挡的田地 
▸ to be open to sth;
 易受某物影响 
▸ the room is open to the air 房间透气性很好 
▸ open to the elements 易受风霜雪雨侵袭的 
▸ to lay or leave oneself open to attack/criticism 使自己处于易受攻击/批评的地位 
▸ this incident has left his honesty open to doubt or question 这件事情使大家开始怀疑他的诚信 ⑦ (receptive) 开明的 kāimíng de 
▸ to have an open mind 思想开明 
▸ to keep an open mind (about sth) （对某事）不怀成见 
▸ to be open to sth;
 愿意考虑 ‹offers, suggestions›
▸ to be open to persuasion 愿意听从劝说 
▸ to be open to new/good ideas 能接受新观念/好主意 ⑧ predicative (available) 空缺的 kòngquē de ‹position›
▸ there's a slot open in July 七月有一个空当 
▸ to keep a job open for sb 给某人留着一份工作 
▸ to be open to sb;
 «job, membership» 对某人开放 
▸ the competition is open to everybody 人人都可参赛 
▸ these are the classes that are open to you 这些是你可以选择的课程 ⑨ (unrestricted) 无限制的 wúxiànzhì de ‹access, session, invitation›
▸ an open contest or competition 公开赛 ⑩ (candid) 坦率的 tǎnshuài de ‹person, attitude, expression›;
 坦诚的 tǎnchéng de ‹discussion, debate›
▸ to be open with sb (about sth);
 （在某事上）对某人坦诚 
▸ with an open heart (frankly) 坦诚地 (kindly) 和善地 ⑪ (undecided) 待定的 dài dìng de ‹decision, date›
▸ an open question 悬而未决的问题 
▸ the race is still wide open 竞赛仍然胜负未定 
▸ open ticket/return 不定期机票/回程不定的往返票 ⑫ (blatant) 公然的 gōngrán de ‹hostility, contempt›
▸ open revolt or rebellion 公然的反叛 
▸ an open scandal 人尽皆知的丑闻 ⑬ (with spaces) 稀疏的 xīshū de ‹material, mesh›⑭ 
▸ Linguistics an open vowel 开元音 kāiyuányīn 
▸ an open syllable 开音节 kāiyīnjié ⑮ 
▸ Music an open string 空弦 kōngxián B. transitive verb ① (cause not to be closed) 打开 dǎkāi ‹door, safe, book, box, jar›
▸ to open one's mouth/eyes 张开嘴巴/睁开眼睛 
▸ to open an envelope/a parcel 拆开信封/包裹 
▸ to open a vein/wound 切开静脉/伤口 
▸ to open a border 开放边境 
▸ the wind opened the gate 风把大门吹开了 
▸ to open sb's eyes to sth figurative 使某人认清某事 
▸ to open the door to sth figurative 为某事敞开大门 
▸ to open one's mind to sth 愿意考虑某事 
▸ to open one's heart to sb 向某人倾诉心声 ② (spread out) 伸开 shēnkāi ‹legs, hand›;
 展开 zhǎnkāi ‹map, wings, fan›
▸ to open a newspaper/an umbrella 翻开报纸/撑开雨伞 
▸ open the book at page 2 把书翻到第2页 ③ (cut, create) 开出 kāichū ‹hole, passage›;
 figurative 开辟 kāipì ‹route, path, market›④ (begin) 开始 kāishǐ 
▸ to open a meeting/show 开始开会/演出 
▸ to open a case Law 开始审案 
▸ who'll open the bidding? 谁首先出价？ 
▸ to open the score or scoring Sport 开局得分 
▸ to open the batting (in cricket) 开球 ⑤ (inaugurate) 为…揭幕 wèi… jiēmù ‹fête, exhibition›;
 宣布启用 xuānbù qǐyòng ‹factory, road›
▸ to open a new session of parliament 宣布新一届议会召开 ⑥ (set up) 开办 kāibàn ‹business, factory›;
 开设 kāishè ‹branch, office›⑦ Finance 开立 kāilì ‹account›⑧ Computing 打开 dǎkāi ‹file, document›C. intransitive verb ① (become open) «door, container, lid» 打开 dǎkāi ;
 «eyes» 睁开 zhēngkāi ;
 «mouth, wings» 张开 zhāngkāi 
▸ when the flowers open in spring 春天花开时 
▸ to open wide 大开着 
▸ the skies or heavens opened figurative 大雨突降 ② 
▸ to open into sth (give access to) «door, window» 通往 tōngwǎng ‹passage, yard›
▸ my bedroom opens into the sitting room 我的卧室通起居室 
▸ to open on to sth;
 «door, room» 朝向 cháoxiàng ‹road, area›
▸ a window opening on to the garden 朝向花园的窗户 cháoxiàng huāyuán de chuānghu ③ (appear) literal figurative «gap, breach» 出现 chūxiàn 
▸ cracks opened in the ice 冰面上出现了裂缝 
▸ a split has opened in the party 党内出现了分裂 ④ (admit customers, visitors) «shop, museum» 开门 kāimén ;
 (for first time) «business, branch» 开业 kāiyè ;
 «fête» 开幕 kāimù 
▸ to open at nine o'clock every day 每天9点开始营业 
▸ there's a new supermarket opening in the High Street 商业大街上一家新超市开业了 
▸ the exhibition opens on 6 January 展览会1月6日开幕 ⑤ Theatre, Cinema «play» 上演 shàngyǎn ;
 «film» 上映 shàngyìng ⑥ (begin) «conference, trial» 开始 kāishǐ 
▸ to open with sth;
 以某事开始 
▸ shares opened at 123p 股票以123便士开盘 
▸ we always open with a prayer 我们总是先祈祷 ⑦ (speak, play first) 起头 qǐtóu 
▸ to open for sth/sb;
 代表某事物/某人率先开始 
▸ to open for the defence Law 由被告方开始发言 
▸ to open for the government Politics 率先代表政府发言 
▸ to open for England Sport 为英格兰队开球 D. noun ① 
▸ the open (outside) 户外 hùwài 
▸ to spend the night in the open 露天过夜 lùtiān guòyè ② 
▸ the open (exposed position) 明处 míngchù 
▸ to come out into the open «animal» 从暗处出来 cóng ànchù chūlai 
▸ to be out in the open figurative 公开 gōngkāi 
▸ to bring sth out into the open figurative 揭开某事物的真面目 jiēkāi mǒu shìwù de zhēnmiànmù PHRASAL VERBS open out A. intransitive verb ① (widen) «path, land» 变开阔 biàn kāikuò ;
 «passage, tunnel» 变宽 biàn kuān 
▸ to open out into sth;
 变宽成为某物 
▸ the stream opened out into a pool 小溪逐渐变宽，汇入一个池塘 ② (unfold) «fan, flower, wings» 展开 zhǎnkāi 
▸ the scroll opens out into a painting 卷轴展开成一幅画 B. transitive verb [open sth out, open out sth] 展开 zhǎnkāi ‹fan, wings, map›open up A. intransitive verb ① (unlock door) 开门 kāimén 
▸ to open up for sb 给某人开门 ② (flower) «flower, bud» 开放 kāifàng ③ (get wider) «crack, crevice» 变宽 biàn kuān 
▸ a gap has opened up between A and B Sport A和B之间的距离拉开了 
▸ a split has opened up in the opposition ranks 对立派别之间的分歧变大了 ④ (start up) «shop» 开门 kāimén ;
 «business, branch» 营业 yíngyè ;
 «gallery, museum» 开放 kāifàng ⑤ (develop) «business, market» 发展 fāzhǎn ;
 «opportunities, possibilities» 出现 chūxiàn 
▸ a new phase was opening up 一个新阶段正在呈现 ⑥ Military «soldier, army» 开火 kāihuǒ 
▸ to open up with sth;
 用…开火 ‹rifles, machine guns›⑦ (speak freely) «person» 畅所欲言 chàng suǒ yù yán B. transitive verb [open sth up, open up sth] ① (make open) 拆开 chāikāi ‹envelope›;
 打开 dǎkāi ‹box, book›;
 疏通 shūtōng ‹blocked pipe›
▸ to open up a wound 使伤口裂开 ② (make wider) 使…变宽 shǐ… biàn kuān ‹channel, gap, crack, crevice›
▸ to open up a lead «athlete, team» 拉开一段距离而领先 ③ (unlock) 开…的门 kāi… de mén ‹shop, building›;
 打开 dǎkāi ‹safe›④ (start up) 开办 kāibàn ‹business›;
 开设 kāishè ‹branch›
▸ to open up an office in … 在…设立办事处 ⑤ (make accessible) 开放 kāifàng ‹area, country›;
 开辟 kāipì ‹route›;
 开拓 kāituò ‹opportunities›
▸ to open up the hinterland to trade 开放内陆地区的贸易 
▸ to open up new horizons for sb 为某人开拓新视野 ⑥ Motor Vehicles informal 使…加速 shǐ… jiāsù ‹engine›C. to open oneself up reflexive verb 放开 fàngkāi 
▸ to open oneself up to sb/sth;
 愿意接纳某人/某事物 yuànyì jiēnà mǒu rén/mǒu shìwù 
▸ the country has recently opened itself up to foreign investment 该国最近开放了外国投资 
▸ to open oneself up to new ideas 愿意考虑新观念 yuànyì kǎolǜ xīn guānniàn 



operate | BrE ˈɒpəreɪt, AmE ˈɑpəˌreɪt | A. intransitive verb ① (function) 运转 yùnzhuǎn 
▸ to operate at maximum efficiency;
 以最大效率运转 ② (be in effect, work) «factor, law» 起作用 qǐ zuòyòng ;
 «mind, language» 运作 yùnzuò 
▸ to operate against/in favour of (sth);
 （对某事）起阻碍/推进作用 ③ (perform surgery) 动手术 dòng shǒushù 
▸ to operate on sb;
 给某人动手术 ④ (run) «public transport, company, service» 营业 yíngyè ⑤ (engage in activity) «organization» 运营 yùnyíng ;
 «criminal, thief, gang» 从事不法活动 cóngshì bùfǎ huódòng ⑥ (conduct military activities) 采取军事行动 cǎiqǔ jūnshì xíngdòng B. transitive verb ① (control) 操作 cāozuò ‹machine, apparatus›;
 开动 kāidòng ‹vehicle›② (administer) 施行 shīxíng ‹policy, strategy›;
 启用 qǐyòng ‹ban›;
 经营 jīngyíng ‹mine, factory›;
 实行 shíxíng ‹pension plan, savings scheme›



opine | BrE ə(ʊ)ˈpʌɪn, AmE oʊˈpaɪn | formal A. transitive verb 认为 rènwéi B. intransitive verb 发表意见 fābiǎo yìjiàn 



oppress | BrE əˈprɛs, AmE əˈprɛs | transitive verb ① (subjugate) 压迫 yāpò ‹population, minority›;
 压制 yāzhì ‹nation›② (afflict) 压抑 yāyì 



opt | BrE ɒpt, AmE ɑpt | intransitive verb 选择 xuǎnzé 
▸ to opt for sth;
 选择某物 
▸ to opt to do/not to do sth;
 选择做/不做某事 PHRASAL VERBS opt in intransitive verb 选择参加 xuǎnzé cānjiā opt into transitive verb 选择参与 xuǎnzé cānyù opt out intransitive verb 选择不参加 xuǎnzé bù cānjiā 
▸ to opt out of sth;
 决定退出某事 



optimize | BrE ˈɒptɪmʌɪz, AmE ˈɑptəˌmaɪz | transitive verb 充分利用 chōngfèn lìyòng ‹resource›;
 优化 yōuhuà ‹software›;
 使…最优化 shǐ… zuìyōuhuà ‹efficiency, design›



order | BrE ˈɔːdə, AmE ˈɔrdər | A. noun ① uncountable (arrangement) 条理 tiáolǐ 
▸ a sense of order 条理性 
▸ the natural order of things 事物的常态 
▸ to produce order out of chaos 变紊乱为有序 
▸ in (good) order (tidy) 井井有条 
▸ to put one's room/affairs in order 把房间整理好/把事情安排好 
▸ to put one's (own) house in order 管好自己的事情 ② uncountable (working state) 状况 zhuàngkuàng 
▸ in good/poor order 处于良好/不良状态 
▸ to be kept in good order «house, car» 维护得很好 
▸ to be in working or running order 运转良好 
▸ to be out of order «phone, line» 出故障 ③ uncountable and countable (sequence) 顺序 shùnxù 
▸ alphabetical/numerical/chronological order 字母/数字/时间顺序 
▸ ascending/descending order 递升的/递降的顺序 
▸ in order 按顺序 
▸ out of order 乱序的 
▸ these dates are all out of order 这些日期顺序都乱了 
▸ in the right/wrong order 顺序正确/错误的 
▸ in order of priority 按优先顺序 
▸ in short order 立刻 ④ uncountable (discipline, control) 秩序 zhìxù 
▸ order reigned in the streets 街上秩序井然 
▸ to keep or maintain order 维持治安 ⑤ countable (established state) 体制 tǐzhì 
▸ the old/new/existing order 旧/新/现有体制 ⑥ countable Business 订货 dìnghuò 
▸ unfilled/back orders 未交货/到期未发货的订单 
▸ a telephone order 电话订购 
▸ to place an order 下订单 
▸ to put in or place an order (with sb) for sth （向某人）订购某物 
▸ to supply or fill an order 交付订货 
▸ to take orders for sth 接受某物的订货 
▸ on order 在订购中 
▸ the books are on order 这批书尚未到货 
▸ to have sth made to order 定做某物 
▸ to be designed to order 按用户要求设计 
▸ a tall order figurative 离谱的要求 
▸ may I take your order? (in restaurant) 现在可以点菜了吗？ 
▸ an order of steak and fries 一客牛排配炸薯条 ⑦ countable (mainly Military) (command) 命令 mìnglìng 
▸ the order to retreat 撤退令 
▸ to give an order for the men to disperse 命令战士们散开 
▸ I left orders that … 我发了话… 
▸ to take or receive an order (to do sth) 接受命令（做某事） 
▸ to execute or obey or carry out an order formal 执行命令 
▸ to be under the orders of sb 受某人的指挥 
▸ to be under or to have orders to do sth 奉命做某事 
▸ on the orders of sb, on sb's orders 奉某人之命 
▸ I did it on your explicit orders 我是在你的明确授意下做的 
▸ orders are orders informal 军令如山 
▸ doctor's orders humorous 医嘱 
▸ to get one's marching orders figurative 被辞退 ⑧ uncountable and countable Law, Administration (decree) 指令 zhǐlìng 
▸ an order of the court, a court order 法院指令 
▸ a deportation/restraining order 驱逐/限制令 
▸ by order of the Minister/Crown 经大臣/女王批示 
▸ a buying/selling order Finance 买入/卖出指令 
▸ a stop order Finance 止损指令 ⑨ countable Finance 汇票 huìpiào ⑩ uncountable and countable (correct procedure) 规程 guīchéng 
▸ to call a meeting/class to order 宣布会议开始/让全班遵守课堂纪律 
▸ order! order! British 安静！安静！ 
▸ to be in/out of order 符合/不符合规程 
▸ the Honourable Member is out of order British 这位尊敬的议员阁下违反了议事程序 
▸ would it be in order if I took her flowers? 我送花给她合适吗？ 
▸ a toast is in order 敬杯酒是应该的 
▸ congratulations are in order 应该表示祝贺 
▸ your remark was way out of order 你的话非常不妥当 ⑪ countable singular (rank) 等级 děngjí ;
 (scale) 级别 jíbié 
▸ to be of a very high order «work, scholarship» 水平非常高 
▸ artists/goods of the highest order 一流艺术家/一等商品 
▸ investment/talent of this order 这种级别的投资/人才 
▸ of the order British /in the order US of sth 大约有 ‹number, sum›
▸ his income must be of the order of … 他的收入肯定差不多有… 
▸ order of magnitude (in classification) 数量级 (scale, scope) 规模 ⑫ uncountable Military (formation) 编队 biānduì ;
 (clothing) 制服 zhìfú 
▸ battle order 战斗序列 
▸ drill order 操练队形 ⑬ countable Biology 目 mù 
▸ the order of primates 灵长目 ⑭ Order countable Religion 修道会 xiūdàohuì 
▸ the Dominican Order 多明我会 ⑮ Order countable British (association) 勋爵士团 xūnjuéshìtuán ;
 (title) 勋位 xūnwèi 
▸ the Order of the Garter 嘉德勋位 ⑯ Architecture (style of column) 柱式 zhùshì ;
 (style of architecture) 建筑风格 jiànzhù fēnggé 
▸ columnar order 柱型 
▸ the Georgian order 乔治王朝建筑风格 ⑰ (expressing purpose) [表示目的]
▸ in order that … 为了… 
▸ I did all I could in order that … 我尽了最大努力以便… 
▸ I came here in order that I might talk to you 我来这里是为了可以跟你谈一下 
▸ in order to do sth 为了做某事 
▸ in order to help sb 为了帮助某人 
▸ in order to stay healthy/keep sb safe 目的是保持健康/使某人安全 B. orders plural noun ① Religion 神品 shénpǐn 
▸ major/minor orders 高级/低级神品 
▸ holy orders 神职 
▸ to take/be in holy orders 成为神职人员/担任神职 ② (class) 阶层 jiēcéng 
▸ the upper/lower social orders 上层/下层社会 C. transitive verb ① (give command for or to) 命令 mìnglìng ‹action, inquiry, person›
▸ to order the closure of the nightclub 下令关闭这家夜总会 
▸ to order a retrial 指令再审 
▸ to order complete rest Medicine 嘱咐卧床静养 
▸ just what the doctor ordered figurative 正是想要得到的 
▸ to order the children to bed 命令孩子们上床睡觉 
▸ to order sth (to be) done;
 命令执行某事 
▸ to order the house to be demolished 下令拆除房屋 
▸ to order the talks suspended 命令会谈暂停 
▸ to order that …;
 下令… 
▸ to be ordered to do sth (mainly Military) 奉命 ‹shoot, land›② (request) «company, customer» 订购 dìnggòu ‹goods, book, pizza›;
 预订 yùdìng ‹service, tickets›
▸ to order (sth) online 网上订购（某物） 
▸ to order a meal/coffee 点饭菜/咖啡 
▸ to order a taxi 叫出租车 ③ (arrange) 安排 ānpái ‹life›;
 整理 zhěnglǐ ‹room, items›
▸ to order entries alphabetically 按字母顺序排列词条 D. intransitive verb 点菜 diǎn cài 
▸ are you ready to order? 可以点菜了吗？ PHRASAL VERBS order about, order around transitive verb [order sb about] 支使 zhīshi 
▸ he likes ordering people about 他喜欢支使别人 
▸ don't order me about! 别使唤我！ order off transitive verb [order sb off] 命令…离开 mìnglìng… líkāi 
▸ to order sb off sth;
 命令某人离开某处 
▸ to order sb off the grass 命令某人退出草坪 
▸ to order a player off (the field) 把运动员罚下场 order out transitive verb [order sb out] 命令…出去 mìnglìng… chūqu 
▸ to order sb out of sth;
 命令某人离开某处 
▸ to order a pupil out of the classroom 把学生赶出教室 



organize | BrE ˈɔːɡ(ə)nʌɪz, AmE ˈɔrɡəˌnaɪz | transitive verb ① (arrange) 安排 ānpái ‹course, meeting›;
 组织 zǔzhī ‹visit, expedition›;
 使…有条理 shǐ… yǒu tiáolǐ ‹facts, thoughts›
▸ to organize sth into groups/chapters 把某物编成小组/章节 
▸ to organize oneself to do sth 有条理地做某事 
▸ to organize sth for sb;
 为某人安排某事 
▸ I have to organize the children for school 我必须照顾孩子们上学 ② (unionize) 把…组成工会 bǎ… zǔchéng gōnghuì ‹group, workforce›



originate | BrE əˈrɪdʒɪneɪt,ɒˈrɪdʒɪneɪt, AmE əˈrɪdʒəˌneɪt | A. intransitive verb 起源 qǐyuán 
▸ to originate in or from sth;
 源于某事物 
▸ to originate with sb 始自某人 B. transitive verb 创作 chuàngzuò ‹character, artwork›;
 引发 yǐnfā ‹craze, idea›;
 发明 fāmíng ‹invention, system›;
 编造 biānzào ‹rumour›



output | BrE ˈaʊtpʊt, AmE ˈaʊtˌpʊt | A. noun ① uncountable and countable Business 产量 chǎnliàng ② uncountable Electronics, Mechanics 输出功率 shūchū gōnglǜ 
▸ an output signal 输出信号 ③ uncountable Computing 输出 shūchū ④ uncountable (of composer, writer) 作品 zuòpǐn B. transitive verb present participle outputting past tense, past participle output Computing 输出 shūchū ‹data, results›



overflow A. intransitive verb | BrE əʊvəˈfləʊ, AmE ˌoʊvərˈfloʊ | «liquid, rubbish» 溢出 yìchū ;
 figurative «people» 涌出 yǒngchū 
▸ to overflow into the streets 涌到大街上 
▸ to be full or filled to overflowing 满得溢出来了 
▸ to overflow with gratitude/love figurative 充满感激/爱 B. transitive verb | BrE əʊvəˈfləʊ, AmE ˌoʊvərˈfloʊ | «water» 溢出 yìchū ‹bank›;
 figurative «audience» 挤满 jǐmǎn ‹room›C. noun | BrE ˈəʊvəfləʊ, AmE ˈoʊvərˌfloʊ | ① uncountable (surplus) (of things) 容纳不下的东西 róngnà bù xià de dōngxi ;
 (of people) 容纳不下的人 róngnà bù xià de rén 
▸ the overflow of students/passengers 超额的学生/超员的旅客 ② uncountable (spillage) 溢出 yìchū ③ countable (liquid spilt) 溢出的液体 yìchū de yètǐ ④ countable (from bath, sink) 溢流管 yìliúguǎn ;
 (from dam) 溢出口 yìchūkǒu 



overtake | BrE əʊvəˈteɪk, AmE ˌoʊvərˈteɪk | past tense overtook past participle overtaken | ˌəʊvəˈteɪkn | A. transitive verb ① (pass) 赶超 gǎnchāo ‹person, vehicle›② figurative (exceed, do better than) «supply» 超过 chāoguò ‹demand›
▸ we have overtaken the Germans in car production 我国的小汽车产量已超过了德国 
▸ his fear was overtaken by embarrassment 他的恐惧变成了窘迫 ③ figurative (affect unexpectedly) «misfortune, storm, change» 突然侵袭 tūrán qīnxí ‹person, place›;
 «fear, surprise» 压倒 yādǎo ‹person›
▸ he was overtaken by or with fear 他恐惧万分 
▸ utter weariness overtook me literary 我感到疲倦极了 
▸ to be overtaken by events 计划未赶上情况突变 B. intransitive verb (mainly British) 超车 chāochē 



owe | BrE əʊ, AmE oʊ | transitive verb ① (have as debt) 欠 qiàn ‹money›
▸ I owe my father £10 for the ticket 我欠我父亲10镑票钱 
▸ to owe sb one, to owe sb a favour 欠某人一份人情 ② (be indebted for) 把…归因于 bǎ… guī yīn yú ‹life, invention›
▸ he owes his success to luck, not ability 他把自己的成功归功于运气好，而不是靠能力 
▸ I owe my life to my wife 我妻子救了我的命 
▸ his style owes much to the Impressionists 他的风格深受印象派的影响 ③ (be morally bound to give) 应给予 yīng jǐyǔ ‹apology, explanation, thanks›
▸ to owe it to oneself to do sth 认为自己应该做某事 
▸ you owe it to your parents to work hard 你应该努力工作以回报父母 



own | BrE əʊn, AmE oʊn | A. adjective attributive ① (belonging to person, group) 自己的 zìjǐ de 
▸ his own car 他自己的车 
▸ the company has its own lawyer 公司有自己的律师 
▸ to start one's own business 创办自己的企业 
▸ in his own words … 用他自己的话说… 
▸ to be one's own man/woman 独立自主 
▸ to do one's own thing informal 做自己喜欢的事 
▸ virtue is its own reward proverb 行善本身就是回报 ② (done by self) 自己做的 zìjǐ zuò de 
▸ to do one's own cooking 自己做饭 
▸ to make one's own decisions 自己做决定 ③ (emphatic) 本人的 běnrén de 
▸ of my own making 我亲手做的 
▸ my own daughter 我的亲生女儿 
▸ to see sth with one's own eyes 亲眼看见某物 
▸ my own view is that … 我本人的看法是… B. pronoun plural own 
▸ one's/its own;
 自己的/它自己的 zìjǐ de/tā zìjǐ de 
▸ I don't have a company car, I use my own 我没有公车，我开自己的 
▸ of one's own;
 属于自己的 shǔyú zìjǐ de 
▸ a house of my (very) own 我自己的房子 wǒ zìjǐ de fángzi 
▸ I have a suggestion of my own to make 我自己有一个建议想提出来 
▸ a style all her own 一种完全属于她自己的风格 yī zhǒng wánquán shǔyú tā zìjǐ de fēnggé 
▸ nothing to call one's own 一无所有 yī wú suǒ yǒu 
▸ each to his/her/their own 人各有所好 rén gè yǒu suǒ hào 
▸ on one's own (solitary) 独自地 dúzì de (without help) 独立地 dúlì de 
▸ to get sb on his/her/their own 找某人单独说话 zhǎo mǒu rén dāndú shuōhuà 
▸ on its own 单独地 dāndú de 
▸ whisky on its own (undiluted) 纯威士忌酒 chún wēishìjìjiǔ 
▸ to come into one's own 得到充分发挥 dédào chōngfèn fāhuī 
▸ he came into his own once he got to university 他一进大学就崭露头角 
▸ to get one's own back (on sb) informal 报复（某人） bàofù(mǒu rén) 
▸ to hold one's own 坚持自己的立场 jiānchí zìjǐ de lìchǎng C. transitive verb ① (possess) 拥有 yōngyǒu 
▸ who owns this pen? 这支笔是谁的？ 
▸ I own a cat 我养了一只猫 
▸ to act as if one owns the place informal derogatory 举止好像那地方是自己家似的 ② formal (admit) 承认 chéngrèn 
▸ to own that … 承认… 
▸ he owned himself defeated 他认输了 D. intransitive verb formal = own upPHRASAL VERB own up: intransitive verb 
▸ to own up to sth;
 承认 chéngrèn ‹mistake, crime›
▸ to own up to having done sth/doing sth;
 承认做过某事 
▸ she owned up to having lied/forgotten 她承认说谎了/忘了 
